question: what does it mean to overclock a CPU ? what does it mean to overclock a CPU and what are the pro 's and con 's ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: How do private investigators avoid getting arrested for stalking ? I assume there 's some legal loophole ? Explain like I'm five. 
question: The purpose of a Sorority and a Fraternity . With all the talk of Sorority and Fraternity hazing , I finally have a reason to ask what exactly the purpose for Greek life is . I never understood it , so do what you do best ELI5 ! :D Explain like I'm five.
question: What is defragging my hard drive , and how will it help my computer ? This is probably a stupid question , but I know nothing about computers . Explain like I'm five.
question: How the Syrian group taking over a news outlet 's twitter , and posting the President was injured mad the Dow drop 100 points ? * made Explain like I'm five.
question: Suggest alternative medicine for ciplatrimI was prescribed Ciplatrim with other drugs to assist with my anxiety, depression & binge eating. To my knowledge the pharmasist advised that this drug has been withdrawn from the South African market.What is the reason why it was with drawn.  Where else in the world can it be purchased or what can be taken in its place.
question: Why do some singers with strong accents sound like they do n't have accents when they sing ? Some people i 've noticed keep their accents when they sing , like Lily Allen for example , but it 's just really weird , what 's the deal ? Explain like I'm five.
question: The difference between a psychopath and sociopath ? they seem rather similar Please explain like I'm five.
question: What is the difference between an average lawyer and the best someone can get ? I was just wondering what makes an expensive lawyer so much better , is it different levels of certification , more connections , trustworthiness ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Car Loan upside down--refinance before selling?
question: Please explain what is "Academic journal"
question: Why ca n't the whole world switch to one currency ? What would happen if it was attempted ? EDIT : Why so many downvotes ? ! ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Help! I've cancelled their service, but this company continues to bill my credit card an annual fee. What can I do?
question: How long can one survive with severe/moderately leaking heart valve?how long can you live with one severely leaking heart valve and another moderately leaking heart valve? 86 year old woman strong heart muscle over all good health. she has been in the hospital twice in the last  2 months with fluid build up. thank you for your input.
question: How should residents of smaller economies allocate their portfolio between domestic and foreign assets?
question: What was the european / old world diet pre colombian exchange ? So , TIL many of the food which is a major part in modern cuisine came over from the new world . What was the european / old world diet pre colombian exchange ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why does my pee make a helix shape when I pee ? I am a guy and I have noticed that whenever I pee it makes kind of a helix shape like it rotates 360 degrees multiple times before it hits the toilet . Explain like I'm five.
question: How do banks generate profit , adjust for inflation , and can reimburse their customers fully without collapsing ? I did n't pay enough attention in economics . EDIT : Thanks for the replies guys , they were all very helpful . Explain like I'm five.
question: Why do temperatures decrease after Winter Solstice ? Or please explain Seasonal Lag I know the answer is Seasonal / Thermal Lag but after reading some article I do n't understand the science behind Seasonal Lag . Please explain like I'm five.
question: How do celebrities check into hotels under assumed names ? Do n't you always have to give an ID and a credit card ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why is it that battery powered wall clocks leave a stain after a period of time ? there is a very faint mark on the right side of this picture URL_0 Explain like I'm five.
question: Can buying REIT's be compared to investing in Real Estate?
question: How do nations such as Finland afford to supply university education for free ? Are the taxes significantly higher ? Or do they cut funding elsewhere ? I have searched this but have n't found too much . Please explain like I'm five.
question: East and West Berlin What happened and why there is east and west ? This is in response to the post in frontpage entitled * * East / West Berlin divide ... * * Explain like I'm five.
question: How much is " a few " ? I 've heard it all my life , but nobody seems to know how much a few of anything really is . Ex : couple ; two several ; more than two Explain like I'm five.
question: Fractals So I was browsing the Wikipedia article on fractals and could n't really follow it at all , how do fractals work ? Explain like I'm five.
question: LI5 : Can someone explain how someone can embezzle money from a City , State or Company ? How does one go about embezzling money from a company or city ( in the case of a corrupt mayor or city official ) . Does this happen ? Explain like I'm five.
question: How much does an average human body cost , based on its chemical components ? [ This article ] ( URL_0 ) I pulled from a quick google search sets the price at about $ 1890.34 . Is this a fairly accurate estimation ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Please explain what is "Grey system theory"
question: What does a pharmacist actually do ? When I go to get a prescription filled , what does the pharmacist do behind the counter ? Does he mid powders to make my pills or does he just have a bottle that he counts pills from ? Explain like I'm five.
question: How can someone be over qualified for a job ? And how could it be a bad thing ? Explain like I'm five.
question: what happens if the earth stopped spinning ? Curious 10 year old daughter . Please explain like I'm five.
question: The Indian Caste System . How did it form ? How strictly enforced is it ? Is that a dumb question ? Is there any movement to abolish it ? How suppressed are the " untouchables " ? Etc . Thank you . Explain like I'm five.
question: How should I pay off my private student loans that have a lot of restrictions?
question: Can a Company which is listed at OTC and TSX considered to be serious?
question: what cities are in the bahamas
question: How can North Korea have work camps and not get in trouble for it ? How can places like North Korea not get in trouble with United Nations or any sort of world police when they have these innocent people in death camps ? Explain like I'm five.
question: What increases your chance of being audited?
question: The economics of a chinese buffet . ( how do they make enough money ? ) I seriously do n't understand how for 8 or 9 bucks that covers the cost of all food , staff and building to make them as profitable as they seem to be . Explain like I'm five.
question: Why does grapefruit interact negatively with some medicine ? I recently was put on a blood pressure medication and was told not to consume grapefruit , how would that effect me negatively ? Explain like I'm five. 
question: Estimating the impact of tax-loss harvesting
question: Gigantic point amount on rewards card - what are potential consequences?
question: So what did the TURBO button on my 486 actually do and did it make it faster ? ? ? So what did the TURBO button on my 486 or 386 actually do and did it make it faster ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: A hard lump is growing on my head and my memory is becoming short since the lump startedI have a friend that concerned me about a hard lump growing on his head that he said isn t painful, but keeps growing in size and its been there for the past year. What could this be? He also mentioned he feels like his memory is becoming short since the lump started?
question: why do soccer / football players react so dramatically to seemingly nothing ? We all know the joke , poke a soccer player and they go down like they 've been shot . Is there anything to it ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: If people are preparing start a colony on Mars , why can they start one on the moon instead since it 's closer to earth ? Plus , are n't both of the uninhabitable either way ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: What are the economic benefits of owning a home in the United States?
question: What are free radicals ? And should I be concerned about them from a health stand point ? Explain like I'm five. 
question: What are the different Christian denominations out there ? What distinguishes each ? I 'm Jewish and I just got curious . Explain like I'm five.
question: The Standard Model of particle physics Quarks , Leptons , Bosons , what the hell does that all mean ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Negatives to increased credit card spending limit? [duplicate]
question: How do animals that live underwater heal from cuts ? Does the water prevent their blood from clotting ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why do newspaper and magazine articles often use [ square ] bracketed words in quotes . I see sometimes , when a quote is published in an article , that square brackets are sometimes used on seemingly random words in the quote , what do they signify ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: The Argument of Being " Born " Gay and " Choosing " to be Gay ? Is one more offensive than the other ? Do gays like saying they were " born " gay rather than choosing to be ? I never got this .. Explain like I'm five.
question: The Difference Between a Bank and a Credit Union . I keep hearing that we should transfer money out of the banks and into CUs . Why ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Please explain what is "Knowledge extraction"
question: Why is ' attempted ' murder a different charge to murder ? If the intent was to kill , why is the charge different because it did n't work out as intended ? Explain like I'm five. 
question: why all major objects in our solar system orbit in the same direction ? All of the planets , asteroid belts , and seemingly everything else orbits in the same direction . Why is that ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: (Theoretical) Paying credit cards with other credit cards
question: - Islamic/ Sharia Banking I understand that usury ( interest ) is not allowed but I 'm still unclear on the work arounds . Explain like I'm five.
question: How does peasant food become popular ? For example , lobster used to be given to prisoners . Why now , is it so coveted ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: If the Unverse is constantly expanding , what is it expanding into ? Hey guys , my friend said this as a joke but it has made me think , what does it actually expand in to ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: What are the advantages/disadvantages of a self-directed IRA?
question: Why do minors who work still pay income tax ? A minor who works still has to pay income taxes when they recieve a paycheck , but they are still not allowed to vote . Is n't this literally taxation without representation ? Explain like I'm five. 
question: Is there any non surgical remedies for bow leg?hello im 44 year old having bow leg..Is there any non surgical remedies for that
question: Intelligent Design With everyone on the side of darwinism why are there people who side with Intelligent Design ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Why is n't the entire spectrum of light visible ? Is n't the specific part of the spectrum we see fairly arbitrary ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why does a shower room steam up despite the water being less than 100'C I though water only turned in to steam when it reached 100C Explain like I'm five.
question: Why do grapes explode into a fireball of plasma in a microwave ? I 've searched the internet for an answer but ca n't seem to find one that is easy to understand . Also why do n't other fruits or vegetables do the same ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Why does everyone say not to land in the water if your parachute fails or some other reason ? I heard somewhere that you 're supposed to try and land in marsh / swamp or snow . Explain like I'm five. 
question: Why does some lightning appear to move relatively slowly when electrons move at near the speed of light ? Not your typical " lightning fast " strikes , but ones like this URL_0 Explain like I'm five.
question: how is single malt scotch made
question: What is conclusive and what is n't regarding the effects of artificial sweeteners ? Nowadays , according to tabloids everything seems to cause cancer and give you diabetes . I was wondering what the consensus in the scientific community was on this ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: why English voice overs foreign films are comically atrocious Honestly I 've never seen a film with English dubs that has n't ruined the experience of not taking me out of the " audience " seat Please explain like I'm five.
question: How did the lower corner of Asia get to be so populated ? I 'm talking about China / India / Indonesia ... What made those places have such high population booms compared to other parts of the world ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: How did an oppressive nation get picked for the winter olympics ? ? Explain like I'm five.
question: If we came into contact with aliens , how would we actually speak to one another with our different languages ? What if we just knew they were there but could n't actually talk to them ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Would celtic salt be better than pink himalayan for papillary thyroid cancer?YES,,,THANKU DOCTOR,,,,I AM A MESOTHELIOMA SURVIOR,,,AND HAVE HAD VERY GOOD RESULTS FROM PINK SEA SALT,,,BUT IVE RECENTLY BEEN POISNED,,,,,AND MY RESEARCH INDICATES IT MAY BE PAPILLARY THYROID CANCER,, ???????  ,,,,,WOULD CELTIC SALT BE BETTER THAN PINK HIMALYAN????????
question: What is the difference between debit v credit ? Savings v checking ? College student living on my own and handling my own finances . Can I get a basic review of this ? Plus any tips that you carry about them ? Thanks ! Explain like I'm five.
question: - how do ancient cities get buried under land ? How do we find these large cities 10feet under ? Would n't they have been occupied at the very least ? And why do they sink/ get covered by dirt ? Explain like I'm five.
question: What does fox news do to give its self such a bad rep ? I know fox news is terrible but only have a very general sense of why . Would any care to explain to me like i m five why exactly they 're so bad ? Explain like I'm five.
question: the No Child Left Behind act , an the controversy around it and * Explain like I'm five.
question: How did people figure out Absolute Zero when it 's practically unreachable ? How do we know it 's exactly -273.15 ° C , -458,67 ° F or 0 K when it is only a theoretical temperature ? Explain like I'm five. 
question: Is it possible to trade CFD without leverage?
question: Please explain all levels of degrees , bachelors , masters , etc . Literally i have no idea why i 'm not catching onto this ... Please help . Literally explain like i m a 5 year old cause i feel like one . Explain like I'm five. 
question: Want to buy above market price?
question: How does alcohol disinfect a wound or a given object ? I 'm intrested in the actual process that microorganisms suffer . Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why wo n't cats walk on aluminum foil ? I 've seen [ GIFs ] ( URL_0 ) and [ videos ] ( URL_1 ) , and even tried it with my own . Nothing . Can somebody explain this phenomenon to me ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Why do dogs like chewing on and breaking things ? I am asking this as I watch my American bulldog rip a sock apart . Explain like I'm five.
question: what county is northville mi
question: Why does seeing or smelling something " gross " induce vomiting ? Something I 've wondered for a while now . Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why ca n't we just spilt an atom with a knife ? Surely if we just tried enough times , we 'd hit the middle of an atom Explain like I'm five. 
question: Tracking down forgotten brokerage account
question: where do the calories go when your body burns them How do they just leave your body Please explain like I'm five.
question: Are there any investment strategies which take advantage of an in-the-money option price that incorporates no “time value”?
question: Can after-hours trading affect options pricing?
question: Why does thinking make me physically tired but does n't burn any calories ? I 'm really tired after thinking hard or just doing a mentally demanding act . I.e. driving Explain like I'm five.
question: Explain Game Theory to me LI5 , please . A nifty metaphor would be nice . EDIT : Prisoner 's Dilemma is what I 'm really interested in . Explain like I'm five.
question: Why has Easter turned into a time to celebrate finding chocolate / eggs from a bunny ? In all honesty i do n't get how they relate Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why is evolution banned in some schools ? I been curious of this but could n't understand why , enlighten me . Explain like I'm five.
question: Please explain what is "Facial recognition system"
question: Why is it that unhealthy food tastes so good ? What in our bodies and brains is it that enjoy food overloaded with fat and sugar ? Why did our taste buds evolve this way ? Explain like I'm five.
question: “International credit report” for French nationals?
question: what is a wiki platform
question: If a star is 5 million light years away , then are we looking into the past ? If I see a star through a telescope , is it possible that it does nt exist anymore and I am only seeing as it was 5 millions years ago ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Can someone please explain the extreme anti sentiment surrounding drug users and traffickers in The Philippines ? As we have seen their PM ask them to kill them at will , they voted for him , surely they must have known that this was part of his platform . Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why does my pizza box say preheat oven , when I can just put it in for a couple minutes longer and it 's the same thing ? It also says ( keep pizza frozen while preheating ) , what difference does that make ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Please explain what is "Manifold regularization"
question: what is a clipper ? I mean like the NBA team Explain like I'm five.
question: How are electronics " grounded " on spacecraft ? ... and what happens " electronically " when 2 spacecraft dock ? are the isolated from each other ? Explain like I'm five. 
question: How do they sync a voice to cartoon characters ? How do they sync up a characters voice in a cartoon ? I do n't me CGI stuff , I am asking about the hand drawn material . Please explain like I'm five.
question: How is random scattered junk considered art ? In addition the same goes for painting it looked like a 2 year old did . I seriously do not understand . Explain like I'm five.
question: The Plot to My Little Pony Title says it all . Explain like I'm five.
question: How are standardized tests so expensive ? For example , the SAT is about $ 50 ( $ 70 for late registration ) , subjects tests are about $ 20 , and AP tests are $ 95 . What goes into these for such a high price ? Explain like I'm five.
question: how much is 1 tablespoon of water
question: Why is a one percent increase not a one percent increase For example , New Jersey increased their tax from 6 % to 7 % . I have been told that this is not a 1 % increase . Explain like I'm five.
question: If I have all this stock just sitting there, how can I lend it out to people for short selling?
question: What is " circlejerk " ? I could never figure it out . Explain like I'm five.
question: Is it a good investment for a foreigner to purchase a flat/apartment in China?
question: Why does licking a 9V battery zap you , but touching it to your skin not ? I know it is n't related to the presence of water , because a battery on wet skin still does nothing . Explain like I'm five.
question: How come long sleep spacemen like in Interstellar and 2001 do n't get really bad bedsores If I lied in a bed for like 10 years I would expect pretty bad bed sores . Why do n't they get that . How come I ca n't hibernate Please explain like I'm five.
question: What is the difference in mechanism between bluetooth and wifi ? Understanding that both are able to transmit information wirelessly , what is the distinct difference between these two ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: what are arizona's symbols
question: What is a Zero - Hour Contract job ? Found a wikipedia page , but having trouble understanding it . URL_0 Thanks ! Explain like I'm five. 
question: ... Why is the modern German economy the strongest in the eurozone ? title says it all . This seems to be a matter of fact but why ? Explain like I'm five.
question: I was watching Godzilla and noticed this on their tires for the military trucks . What is it and what does it do ? URL_0 Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why is every brand of toothpaste / anti - depressant / drain cleaner / whatever allowed to claim they 're the " # 1 reccomended brand " or " 9/10 whatevers choose this brand ? " Seems like false advertizing to me . Please explain like I'm five.
question: Monte Carlo simulations . I guess I just do n't understand how they are done . Explain like I'm five.
question: why are a vast majority of vinyl records on black vinyl , when coloured vinyl is possible and looks really good ? Does the colour make the vinyl weaker or something ? Or it it just more expensive ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: What exactly is alcohol poisoning ? You can drink a certain amount of alcohol and get drunk , but drinking more leads to alcohol poisoning . I know what the liver does to neutralise alcohol but what does it take for alcohol to poison us ? Explain like I'm five. 
question: Does ' drifting ' actually get you anything close to real sleep ? My mother always recommend if you ca n't sleep , to just shut your eyes and try to relax , but still be awake -- Does this actually get you any rest like sleep would ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: What do I need to start trading in the NSE (National Stock Exchange)?
question: Are mutual funds a good choice for a medium to low risk investment with a two year horizon?
question: Pro - Union vs. Anti - Union arguments . Why is there so much controversy in America surrounding support or opposition of unions ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: How do planes flying in tight formation ( i.e. the Blue Angels ) not get screwed up by the other planes ' jet wash or other machine - made turbulence ? Recently watched Top Gun again , got me thinking Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why are you at risk for pregnancy if you miss an active birth control pill , but are protected when you take an inactive placebo pill , which provide no hormones ? Why are you protected from placebo pills even if they provide no hormones ? Explain like I'm five. 
question: I " agree " vs I " do n't disgree " Are the two phrases synonyms or am I missing some taxonomic nuance ? Explain like I'm five. 
question: The lyrics to Hotel California Edit : Wow , I never expected it to be this popular . Thanks , everyone ! Explain like I'm five.
question: Explain: “3% annual cost of renting is less than the 9% annual cost of owning”
question: Current vs. Voltage Sources ? What is the difference between the two ? How can a current source deliver current but no voltage since voltage source provides voltage and current . That 's kind of like a water flowing but without any pressure . Explain like I'm five. 
question: Pay down on second mortage when underwater?
question: Suggest treatment to increase the heightHello I have a 7 yr old girl Brook my Doc said that she is at the height she should be for her age, but I dont think so other kids in her school her age are taller. Is there something wrong with her bones? and I can i give her something to help her grow better and faster?
question: How does carbon dating work ? Actually if you could ELI3 - That would be better ! Thanks Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why does it cost us money to monitor our own credit ? Its almost like they really do nt want us to know what s going on wit hour own financials . Explain like I'm five.
question: India has a privately owned city . If the elite business class in the US wants a free market system where are the privately owned cities in the US ? [ India 's privately owned city ] ( URL_0 ) Explain like I'm five.
question: What is the psychology behind paedophilia ? Explain like I 'm five , please . Explain like I'm five.
question: why so many average Americans refuse to enroll in the affordable care act , when they do not have existing health insurance . Is it pride , ignorance , or what ? Explain like I'm five.
question: How did music companies fake youtube video view count ? Most articles I read online say they used some black hat view count manipulating technique . What is that actually ? Are there other techniques ? Explain like I'm five.
question: What is r / Spacedicks ? I keep hearing about it but I 'm too scared to go to it . Explain like I'm five.
question: How does data transmission takes place over WiFi ? I also want to know how does it * * differ * * from other wireless technologies like Bluetooth , Infrared etc . Explain like I'm five.
question: When are stop market/limit orders visible on the open market?
question: If movies can be bundled with " free " digital copies ( i.e. Ultraviolet ) , why ca n't hardcover books be bundled with their ebook versions ? It ca n't be because of piracy concerns . . . Right ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Why do people pump weights , as opposed to just hold them ? Why is just holding a weight in the air less effective than pumping it ? Is picking it up and just holding it up an effective training tactic , even if less effective ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Why does poop , urine , sweat , etc . smell bad ? Does it smell bad to all animals ? Is there some biological purpose ? Explain like I'm five.
question: What do famous artists do when they 're on stage giving a concert and have to sneeze , cough , yawn etc . Its really all in the title Explain like I'm five.
question: what year did South Africa become a team in rugby
question: why are the Great Lakes considered " Lakes " and not " Seas " ? Compared to other large bodies of inland water like the Acadian and Black seas Please explain like I'm five.
question: Comparing keeping old car vs. a new car lease
question: Do dogs smile or laugh ? I know that dogs tend to wag their tails when they are happy but do they ever smile , grin , or laugh to show happiness ? Explain like I'm five.
question: The difference between ninjas and samurai I was explained by someone a while ago and I found it really interesting , although I have pretty much forgotten everything that was told to me . A general explanation would be great . Explain like I'm five.
question: Why can humans eat leafy greens like spinach and its extremely beneficial , but ca nt eat generic grass for any nutritional value ? I ask this as I munch on spinach like a cow . Explain like I'm five. 
question: What exactly does the Queen of England do ? What does the kingdom do in general ? Do they own all of England ? Explain like I'm five. 
question: In what moment on evolution did the humans realize about their own existance ? Or in what moment they realized they were intelligent and capable of create things , organize , etc , in a concious , on purpose planned way ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: 401(k) Investment stategies
question: If I were to get audited, what would I need?
question: Why do some people love rollercoasters and others would rather die then ( than ? sorry , german ) going on one ? Thank you all for your answers and also thanks for explaining the then / than thing ! Danke ! Explain like I'm five.
question: Is hitchhiking any more dangerous today that it was in the 70s ( in North America ) ? What changed since then ? I 'm asking from a North American perspective but discussion from any part of the world is welcome . Please explain like I'm five.
question: How do computers keep up with the fast speeds provided by Google Fiber ? Surely the disk ca n't record data at 1 gig/ sec right ? Explain like I'm five.
question: How does one determine the width of a candlestick bar?
question: Why are there different English translations of the Bible and what are the significant differences between them ? The only explanations I could find were on religious ( biased ) websites . Please explain like I'm five.
question: Might I need a credit score to rent, or for any other non-borrowing finances?
question: how does AC on use more gas I do n't get it . How does turning your AC on use more gas in your car . It would n't cause the pistons to fire more , therefore using more gas ... so how does it work ? Explain like I'm five. 
question: How do cops prove you ’ve been over the speed limit ? Do they always need conclusive proof to write you a ticket ? Sorry in advance for all the follow up questions , I ’m just a curious 16 year old . Explain like I'm five. 
question: LLC Partnership Earned Income vs. Partnership Share
question: Brushing your teeth I ca n't think of any animals except dogs and humans who have their teeth brushed , yet most animals I see have acceptable , good looking teeth . Is it something about humans ? What 's up with this ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why do some speakers have " mini " speakers around the large ones ? Image for context . URL_0 Please explain like I'm five.
question: Suggest remedy for vomiting and grey and green motionsHey I just got off work and my fiancé told me our 8 week old daughter threw up a couple of times. She just moved up to drinking 3 oz every two hours. She used to drink 2. He also told me she had light grey and green poop. She pooped three times today. What s wrong?
question: How and Should I Invest (As a college 18 year old with minimal living expenses)?
question: Finding Debt/Equity Ratio with Market Value of Equity
question: Shouldn't a Roth IRA accumulate more than 1 cent of interest per month?
question: Why after a hard workout or long run do you end up throwing up ? After hard lifting , and especially after long runs , I usually get the feeling of , or actually do throw up . Explain like I'm five.
question: How do you figure out the BPM , and the key of a song ? I always wondered this , sorry if a dumb question . Thanks in advance . Explain like I'm five.
question: Tax exemption on personal loan interest component in India
question: Why we do n't just cut away the parts of our body that has cancer ? I understand it when it is in your blood , but when the cancer actually is manifesting in one place ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Looking for an ROI formula, brain is broken today
question: Tax: 1099 paper form
question: who are the two senators of louisiana
question: WHO QUALIFIES AS A DOMESTIC PARTNER IN CA
question: Why car manufacturers name their cars after the year after they are first released For example : " 2009 " Model Car is first sold in 2008 Explain like I'm five.
question: Why did the people of Toronto vote for Rob Ford ? I read an article on Rob Ford and it showed that he had problems with drugs and tirades even before he became mayor . How did he manage to win the votes that made him mayor ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why do you say " A European " and not " An European " Are n't you supposed to use " an " if the first letter of the next word is a vowel ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: The plot of World of Warcraft Just started playing and the game does a really poor job of introducing new players to the lore . Explain like I'm five.
question: How the universe is infinite and expanding ? I am trying to understand the Big Bang Theory , but I have run into this problem . Seems kinda contradictory ... Explain like I'm five.
question: Skin tanning, dullness, pimple spots. Prescribed clear gel and hyde cream. Is it good?hi doctor i am sindhu one month onwards my skin is becoming like tanning ,,,dull ness,, pimple spots ,,,,so i visited doctor ,,,so doctor told that apply clear gel on morning onwards,,and hyde cream at night ,,,,,,its better r what sir it will result docter,,,,,other wise i want to use some thing change na
question: Why did militaries used to fight in straight lines facing each other ? Especially up until the civil war in the US ... and what changed ? It just seems unreal that entire armies would just face up somewhere and the front row willingly take hits like that ... Explain like I'm five.
question: Why is the Marvel character " Deadpool " so popular ? I 'm not hating on the character . I 'm just late to the party . Explain like I'm five.
question: What is the correct term to describe (shares owned * share value)?
question: Why do languages vary so widely ? Is any proven correlation between language and the geography of the native speaker ? Why do we have such vastly alternative languages ? Does the geography of one 's birthplace have any part in the shaping of that person 's language ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why is n't widescreen a television standard , like it is with film ? Television came after film , and film has always been widescreen ... Why did television start out in the wrong aspect ratio , and why has it still not caught up to speed ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Can food allergy cause itchy rashes on the arms and chest?I have a rash to appear today I notice an itching on my arm and look and saw around 15 spots that look like a rash from elbow to hand then later I felt itching on my side and look and it looks like a rash maybe palm size my arm dose not itch but on my chest area is off and on could something I ate cause this thanks
question: If almost every country on Earth is in debt , who are we all borrowing from ? Most things I have looked up on the internet have been pretty dense/ I have no idea what some of the stuff means . Any answer would be very helpful . Explain like I'm five.
question: Why are too - large - to - fail banks bad for us ? I mean , if they do n't fail , then we wo n't have economic problems , right ? Explain like I'm five.
question: why we need Internet service providers . Would it be possible , if net neutrality were to be abolished , that we simply find access to the Internet by ourselves with no supplier at all ? What does it actually take to * access * the Internet ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Could someone please explain some of the most common Reddit abbreviations ? Like OP , for example . TIL I found out by myself . Explain like I'm five.
question: Explain to me Citizen 's Arrest and how it works LI5 Please and thank you ! I 've heard of it and always wondered what it was . Thank you AirWolf412 for the answer ! Explain like I'm five.
question: Why do guys get hard in the morning ? ( NSFW ) As a female , I am very curious as to the science behind this . Why do guys wake up with boners ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Why do hangovers get worse with age ? Almost 29 years old and each hangover now lasts the entire day . At 21 I used to be able to polish off a handle and makes 8 am class the next day feeling like a million bucks . Please explain like I'm five.
question: How computer languages work in different ( spoken ) languages . If I wanted a computer to communicate with a computer in Russia , would I have to speak Russian , or is there some international standard ? Just curious Please explain like I'm five.
question: how is it that noise cancelling headphones can reduce decibels when in essence they are adding more sound ? i understand active noise reduction emits a sound equal to the noise with an inverted phase but why do the 2 sounds together have less sound pressure ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Is it true that the price of diamonds is based on a monopoly?
question: Why nobody likes Piers Morgan . Apart from him being a Southerner . That 's just a disability some English people have to live with . Explain like I'm five.
question: how a moon pool ( aka wet porch ) works , and why a ship with one does n't sink . I know it must have something to do with water pressure , but was hoping for a concise ELI5 answer to understand it more easily . Thanks . Explain like I'm five.
question: what are blood types and why do we have them ? Also , are we the only animal to have blood types ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Please explain what is "Formal reasoning"
question: US tax returns for a resident - No US income and indian shares
question: Why does one shoot to kill instead of shoot to maim ? Many people have who carry concealed weapons have told me that you always shoot to kill . Never shoot to warn or maim , why is this ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Book Value vs Market Value of PWT.TO
question: Why do Mobile Video Games have so many commercials on TV all of a sudden ? Also , getting a sponsor like Kate Upton , that seems so out of place Please explain like I'm five.
question: How is calculus different from algebra ? I 've never really understood this but was kind of afraid to ask . What kinds of problems does calculus solve that makes it so special ? Explain like I'm five. 
question: What does increasing " contrast " on a TV or computer screen actually do ? I mean , it has to do something with black and white , but what exactly ? How does it work ? Thanks ! :) < 3 Explain like I'm five.
question: Is  2-3/hpf pus cells count normal in toddlers?For my 1.6 year son today urine test is done since it was yellow in color & the result is: the Pus cells count is 2-3/hpf & Epithelial cells is 2-3/hpf & RBC is 0-1/hpf. What does this mean, is it fine or something to worry about?? Since the hospitals are closed today I am seeking help thru web.Kindly help.
question: Does having different colored eyes affect how much light your eyes filter , thereby affecting how you view the world ? i.e. do people with blue eyes see the world slightly brighter than people with really dark brown eyes ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: " The last man on earth sits alone in a room , there 's a knock at the door ... " i do nt fucking get it . Explain like I'm five.
question: How come you never see baby crows ? I see crows all over the place , but how come you never see any baby crows around or at least younger ones ? Explain like I'm five.
question: How can a film be banned ? Remember when the human cetipede 2 was banned in England ? How can it be , would it literally be a crime to make a copy into a DVD and sell it ? Explain like I'm five.
question: American Primaries As a non - American I am so confused ! ELI5 , when will be know who is the final Republican Candidate and who is the final Democratic Candidate ? Thanks ! Please explain like I'm five.
question: Total price of (AAPL option strike price + option cost) decreases with strike price. Why?
question: What is the difference between a small block and a big block engine ? I have seen small block engines with a much greater displasement than a big block engine , so what exatly are the difference between those ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: The American Political System . As I 'm British , I do n't quite understand how the US government works . What 's the difference between Congress and the House of Representatives ? Just in general how does it work or how it should work . Explain like I'm five.
question: Please explain what is "Weak artificial intelligence"
question: What implications does having the highest household debt to disposable income ratio have on Australia?
question: Why do hunters wear camouflage clothing but bring orange accessories ? Do they want to be visible or stealthy ? This picture from a facebook acquaintance triggered this soul - searching question : URL_0 Thanks ! Explain like I'm five.
question: What is the cause of a rash in pubic area?I have a persistant rash in the pubic area...clinical presentation is consistent with fungal infection, but it is unresponsive to OTC topical antifungals and one prescription antifungal.  I have had no culture done.   My sexual partner has had a vaginal culture done and  tested positive for Klebsiella Pneumoniae.  Could this also be causing my rash?
question: Why do people put large amounts of ice into urinals ? All I seem to get out of it is a large amount of back - splash . Here 's an example of ice in a urinal : URL_0 Explain like I'm five.
question: What is the correct way to report a tender offer fee on my taxes?
question: Is Weiss Research, Inc. a legitimate financial research company?
question: What causes shoulder and chest pain along with heart burn?I keep feeling a dull aching pain on my left shoulder blade & it radiates to my chest. I do have problems with heartburn. But I'm beginning to think it may be something serious. Could it be a heart attack coming on? Please help. I am very worried. Thank you.
question: Dyson bladeless fan These things seem like magic to me , but how the hell do they work ? Explain like I'm five.
question: WHAT IS THE LENGTH OF A NAUTICAL MILE
question: What exactly is salt and why does it taste so good ? The salt we eat . Why do we put it in almost all our food and how does it preserve food so well ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: What 's going on with the Switzerland currency issue ? Can someone explain it in simple terms ? Not sure I understand Please explain like I'm five.
question: How are programming bugs made ? Everytime I searched for this question , I kept getting questions about actual bugs ... Anyways , as someone with pretty much 0 programming knowledge , how are bugs made ? Why is it so difficult to create something without bugs ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why do n't cruise ships have enough life boats for everyone ? Many cruise ships that can hold ~2'000 people have approximately 8 or some 10 boats in total , which are not able to hold everyone . Why ca n't they have more in case of sinking ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: How does a Non US citizen gain SEC Accredited Investor Status?
question: Can somebody explain the Monty Hall problem to me ? I 've read the Wikipedia article and I just ca n't get my head around it . Explain like I'm five.
question: Israel / Palestine It 's one of those things that crops up on the news from time to time assuming you have back - knowledge which I 've never been given so what 's the deal ? Explain like I'm five.
question: what is the purpose of education in USA ? Job prep or well roundedness ? High school , college , etc . Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why do we see / interpret mirrors as being grey ? Related : why do we see / interpret clear objects as being light blue ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Why are most of the states jumping on the " legalise weed " bandwaggon ? I 'm from the UK . Where weed is n't legal and I do n't think it ever will be . Explain like I'm five.
question: Why is our pee naturally yellow ? Edit : did n't think my pee questions would get me to the front page , thanks guys ! Explain like I'm five.
question: Deterministic finite state automaton Not really sure what this means at all . I also have just learned what a regular expression is from wikipedia in the last 15 min . THANKS Explain like I'm five.
question: What the ruling on DOMA means for gay rights Apologies if this has already been posted but I could nt find it . So anyway , what will this ruling mean and what will change because of it ? Explain like I'm five.
question: How street sensors work at intersections with stoplights . Is there like a giant pressure pad under the pavement or what ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Suggest remedy for severe shin painStarting last night, in the night, I started having pain in my left shin. It s tender to the touch. I m not a runner. Play tennis but haven t played in over a week. Tried putting ice on it but it really hurts when I touch it. With the ice pack.
question: What is the dividend if yield is 3.04?
question: Why do guys get morning wood ? Do females have something similar ? Explain like I'm five.
question: What benefits do “title search companies” have over physically visiting a land records offices?
question: Why is pirating more socially accepted than other copyright infringement crimes ? I am not interested in the ethics or the arguments for and against pirating games / music / videos . Please explain like I'm five.
question: If you shoot yourself in the head , would it be an instant death ? ( Not suicidal , just wondering ) As the title suggests , if you shoot yourself in the following fashion ; URL_0 Would it be an instant ( no pain ) death ? Explain like I'm five.
question: how is human height measured
question: Why do people hate GMO 's so much . I do n't get all the posts about monsanto being evil ... Explain like I'm five.
question: Why do people drown when weights are attached to them , but overweight people carrying more can swim fine ? Question came about because I was watching NCIS . 50 pounds was attached to his waist , but I know people much heavier who can swim . Explain like I'm five.
question: Quantum Spin Tried getting my head around the wiki article ( URL_0 ) but no luck :/ Any physicists help ? Explain like I'm five.
question: What is the difference between a bad/bounced check and insufficient funds?
question: How can people survive a lighting strike but will almost certainly die at a 220v home socket . Small info : I suck at electricity physics . Explain like I'm five.
question: - Why do n't we just burn all the trash ? Then we can just filter the smoke ? Then we could just dispose of the ash like we dispose of trash now ? At lease we would n't have as big of a mass .. Please explain like I'm five.
question: What is the difference between a metaphor and a simile ? ! Seriously , I need this explaining like I 'm 5 . I have never been able to understand the difference ! Explain like I'm five.
question: Do fetuses poop ? Do unborn fetuses poop or pee ? What happens to it ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Resources on how to be a short term trader?
question: Why would someone want to buy an option on the day of expiry
question: how many seasons heroes
question: How does lashing kill someone ? One of the biggest mysteries ever according to google since I ca n't find a single article explaining this . Please explain like I'm five.
question: How are perfumes ( and other fragrances ) made ? Is it a trial and error based approach , or is there a degree of predictability when generating a scent ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: what are the three primary colors in the subtractive color model
question: The variable " e " and why it 's so important natural logs are confusing the shit out of me Explain like I'm five.
question: How does a bank make money ? How does a bank make the money to pay employees and provide interest ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: How do firefighters know what started a fire even after it was destroyed or used such as Chemicals or Physical Items I 've always wanted to know how firefighters know what caused a fire even after there is no remnants of anything left . Explain like I'm five. 
question: For SSI, is “authorized user” status on a bank account the same as “ownership”?
question: How can life start from non - organic matter ? You mean we came from tiny non - living particles in the big - bang ? Just curious because I find it hard to imagine how everything came to be . Explain like I'm five.
question: Where Final Fantasy starts in America or whatever this game does I 'm so confused Please explain like I'm five.
question: How can a vehicle 's air filter effect its gas mileage ? It 's just air being pulled through the engine , right ? Is n't it just there to make sure no chunks of anything get in there ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why does the american government only have two major parties ? Just curious as to why we only have two major parties ( Dems and Repubs ) , and not more . Please explain like I'm five.
question: What is the best and most optimal way to use margin
question: Suggest remedy for lump in the left armpiti have a lump under my left armpit that hurts and when i squezz on it pulse comes out and it smells. i had one under my right armpit once before and i went to the ER and they said it was a boil. They cut it open then drained it...could it be another boil ????
question: Suggest natural treatment for the semen leakageSir my name is Mohit.i m of 21.Sir i started doing masturbation when i was in mid 19,with twice a day for around half year or so.But now i left it completely.But i m facing the problem of Semen leakage..could u plzz guide me wht should i do to overcome it,can u plzz tell me ant natural treatment for it??Plzz sir i want ur help.
question: Why do I feel sooooo good after crying ? I just found out my dog diead and had a great bawl sesh . Now I feel phenomenal . What just happened in my brain ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: I'm thinking of getting a new car … why shouldn't I LEASE one?
question: Why are processed carbs like white bread and white rice considered so bad for you ? And why the emphasis on ' whole grains ' instead ? What 's the difference ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Why my phone feels like it vibrates in my pocket when it does n't . I 've always wondered this . Explain like I'm five.
question: Please explain what is "Mechanical calculator"
question: Please explain what is "Carl Benedikt Frey"
question: What is the argument against Medical Marijuana ? I 've just never really understood why it 's legal in only 16 states . Explain like I'm five.
question: If Crimean citizens voted in a referendum to join Russia , why is the West against it ? Is the West afraid that Russia will try to take more of Ukraine ? Does leadership think the referendum is invalid ? Genuinely curious . Explain like I'm five.
question: Why ( if at all ) high fructose corn syrup is less healthy than natural sugar My 10 - year old brother asked me and I did n't have an answer . Explain like I'm five.
question: What 's so bad about Qatar hosting the world cup . I know that it is bad , I simply would like some clarity regarding the matter . EDIT : Thanks Everyone for the great response , Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why are some animals really popular as mascots ? Lions , Tigers , Bears , oh my Please explain like I'm five.
question: How does the word assume differ from infer ? Assume and infer have similar definitions but are technically different . Can someone please explain ? ! Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why are you so dehydrated when you are hungover . If drinking a lot of alcohol with mixers , surely some of the water in the mixer should lead to being less dehydrated the next day . Been nursing a killer hangover all day . Explain like I'm five. 
question: How did we know about the nature of space before we went up there ? In other words , how did we know that it was a vacuum , zero g etc . ? Or was that what the unmanned mission were for ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Are there any U.S. documents that are so top - secret that the president does n't even know about them ? Not sure if this is where I should post this question but I thought it was a good one Explain like I'm five.
question: Why did Hitler invade Russia ? What made him think he could defeat Russia AND Europe ? Surely you 'd do one at a time ? Explain like I'm five.
question: If Romney / Paul are elected , how are they able to repeal healthcare ? After being upheld by the supreme court , what steps must the bill go through to actually be repealed ? Is n't the supreme court supposed to have the final say in constitutionality ? Explain like I'm five.
question: night vision and shadows ? Why does night vision on cameras and stuff show shadows behind what they 're filming ? Hope this makes sense ! Explain like I'm five.
question: Why do men have nipples ? I mean , it 's not like we produce milk or anything ... Why are they there ? Explain like I'm five.
question: How do gears - like on a bicycle work ? I understand this is pretty basic .. I am a grad student and i even did decently well on a couple physics courses I took in undergrad .. I just still ca n't grasp it .. Explain like I'm five. 
question: Why are the genes for poor vision so prominently in the gene pool ? Since corrective lenses were invented so recently in human history , should n't these genes have been weeded out early during our hunter - gatherer years ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Post hoc ergo propter hoc I have been told what it means , even Googled it , yet still fail to understand . Maybe a fellow reddit can explain it better . Explain like I'm five.
question: Why would a college or university give out academic scholarships ? I think I may know but if I was a university , why would I pay someone to come to my school ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Why do horses that break one of their legs have to be put down ? Seems like they should be able to rehabilitate them . Especially if they are race horses and could be used to breed later in life , or potentially race again . Please explain like I'm five.
question: Is pimple with whitehead on opening of penis concerning?I have what looks like a pimple on one side of the actual opening of my penus.  it has a white head and  is the size of a pimple.  Is this just a pimple or something else?  I have not been tested for any STDs but did have a fmaily practice doctor look at yesterday and he said it was a pimple and not to worry.  But I'm not so sure.
question: Can someone explain to me what is social cleavage ? I tried searching it on Google and it is so confusing . Can you use China as an example . Please explain like I'm five.
question: Should I charge my children interest when they borrow money? 
question: Why do I need to pee more frequently once I 've " broken the seal " ? Not that I 'm drinking right now ... Explain like I'm five.
question: How do pilots who speak different languages communicate with each other / air traffic control ? Is there an interpreter or something , or is the language barrier not really an issue ? How does this work ? Explain like I'm five. 
question: Please explain what is "Image-based rendering"
question: why we use RMS to express AC voltages I understand DC voltages pretty easily . AFAIK " 120v AC " means that circuit pushes out 120 volts just like 12v DC pushes 12 volts . But where and how does RMS factor into all of this ? Explain like I'm five.
question: the birthday paradox How is it possible , that the the probability of two people out of 70 having birthday on the same day is 99.9 % ? I read through URL_0 But did n't understand at all .. Thanks :) Please explain like I'm five.
question: When do companies typically announce stock splits?
question: What type of insurance would protect you against the Amazon 1p bug?
question: Why are human babies so incapable and defenseless ? It seems like all other newborns are great at all the new stuff like walking and eating and all that . Please explain like I'm five.
question: The steampunk genre ( I just do n't understand . ) Edit : Thanks everyone ! Explain like I'm five.
question: How come I get in a bad mood when I 'm hungry ? How come I become really reserved and temperamental / annoyed / angry , when I 'm hungry ? Explain like I'm five.
question: If I invest in securities denominated in a foreign currency, should I hedge my currency risk?
question: What causes fluctuation in bilirubin levels after interferon therapy?Hello Doctor Was diagnosed with hep c early cirhossis in 2005 . Took interferon therapy and have been SVR ever since . Have bloodwork and MRI every 6 months ever since ...ALL showing normal except for platelets 97,000 My last blood test showed Direct Bilirubin slightly elevated (.3) ... ref range (o- .2) My question: Does this mean that my liver is beginning to fail , or is it possible for bilirubin to fluctuate for other reasons ?
question: Is eating organic that much better for you ? Really , the price of organic is often twice as much ! Please explain like I'm five.
question: How do I manage my portfolio as stock evaluation criteria evolve?
question: why is sexuality so much more taboo among humans than most other topics ? It does n't make much sense to me so can someone give me a history / psychology lesson ? Explain like I'm five.
question: UK Online Stock Tradiing for Beginner and Small Amounts? 
question: What is the process of publishing a scientific paper ? Why is it talked about as an achievement ? If I make an experiment and write down my results can I not publish them on my own blog ? Why ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: why do professional movies look so different from home movies There 's just something weird looking about home movies compared to Hollywood films . Is it the lighting , editing ... what ? Explain like I'm five.
question: EIL5 : Car insurance , deductables . i have no idea . i hit someone , broke their tail light . we exchanged insurance information and whatnot . WTF is a deductable ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Why have n't nuclear powered spacecraft become common ? Nuclear powered aircraft carriers exist and do n't seem very advanced . What are the limitations of utilising nuclear energy in spacecraft ? Explain like I'm five.
question: How can someone sleep on their arm and cut off the blood supply for 8 + hours without any injuries ? Also , if someone did this every night for years , would their arm still be fine ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Why before I go to bed , do I think about stupid moments or events in my life that I regret ? It been happening ever since I can remember . It never happens during the day . It happens almost always when I 'm laying in bed . Explain like I'm five.
question: What is the GDP Even with all the research online , I ca n’t warp my head around what the GDP really is . Explain like I'm five. 
question: Why something to the power of 0 is always 1 . Why is this ? A to the power of 0 is 1 . Why ? Explain like I'm five.
question: The difference between Cannabis Indica and Sativa . What are the physical traits of each ? What are the effects ? Which is more commonly used as medicinal ? And any other info you want to share on marijuana in general ! Explain like I'm five.
question: The Origin of Life I understand the basics of evolution ( natural selection , descent with modification , etc . ) what I 'm confused on is abiogenesis . What does the theory of evolution say about the absolute beginning of life ? Explain like I'm five.
question: In my basement I can hear the squeaky floor from the footsteps above , how can I know that my house wo nt just collapse ? Why are the floors squeaky ? i live in the basement edit : wooden floor Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why are coal mine fires allowed to rage on for decades ? Is there really no way to stop them from releasing greenhouse gases or salvaging the coal instead of letting it burn ? Explain like I'm five.
question: why are chaplains still part of police and military ? With all the religious diversity and acceptance in our socoety why do police and military still have chaplains ? Explain like I'm five.
question: how can scientists figure out if we are living in a computer simulation I 've seen stories about how a team of scientists are trying to find out if we are in a computer simulation . If that were the case how would they be able to tell ? Explain like I'm five.
question: How does water softening work and why do we need to do it ? Always curious as to what this actually means and why we need to do it . Please explain like I'm five.
question: what are the houses of hogwarts
question: What are the tax implications of dividends that I receive from stocks (equity) that I hold?
question: Are there any countries in the world that can realistically invade Canada by force ? * * I am not kidding . * * Everyone except the US , or all of NATO and Canada vs them if that 's what you want to prove . Explain like I'm five.
question: why anal sex is enjoyable ? I mean what is the science behind it and why is it enjoyable while there is nothing as such back there . ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Calculating Pre-Money Valuation for Startup
question: Balancing your checkbook I think i was too young when this kind of thing was a necessity ; but with online banking services do people still do this ? Explain like I'm five.
question: What happens to kinetic energy after it is used ? Energy ca n't be destroyed , so what happens to the kinetic energy . For example if I walk 5 steps , what happens to the energy I used to walk those steps ? Explain like I'm five.
question: No disrespect intended , but can someone explain to me why portraying the Prophet Muhammad in print makes some Muslims enraged ? Just trying to understand as a Westerner . Explain like I'm five.
question: What does 24/96 mean ? In terms of music files , like a 24/96 FLAC . Explain like I'm five.
question: single camera vs multi camera setups for filming TV and movies I get it , but do n't at the same time . Please explain like I'm five.
question: What is an API and how is it used ? If you are feeling generous , why is it needed and give me an example of how it is used in modern software . Thanks Explain like I'm five.
question: How does national debt work ? For example , as of 2012 , the UK national debt is £ 1278.2 billion . But what does this mean ? To whom is this money owed ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why do n't hotels offer 24 hour check in / out service ? You check in , any time , and you have 24 hours to check out . Please explain like I'm five.
question: How do I set up my finances when first moving out?
question: Why is it animals are portrayed as recovering from their wounds apparently better than humans without actually " cleaning " their wounds ? would n't they be dropping off like homesteaders from every cut they get ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why do so many British actors get cast in roles as Americans but Americans playing Brits is almost unheard of ? Yes I 'm aware of Brad Pitt in Snatch . Please explain like I'm five.
question: Can you help me find an ETF Selection website that evaluates my ETF holdings?
question: Spacetime dimensions I heard there are 11 spacetime dimensions . I understand as far as the first four go . What is the purpose of the rest of them ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Is there any side effects for evion 400 capsule in massage for oil?Someone suggest me to apply Evion 400 capsule in oil and massage gently for 5 minutes. After this your hair fall will stops. Is it true. Can I apply it with oil or is there any side effects. Please suggest me because i am goint to get marry on 8th dec.
question: What is that noise your computer makes when it 's " thinking " ? It almost sounds like a crackling noise . It 's not the fans . Please explain like I'm five.
question: Could a State of the USA leave the Union and become an independent country ? As a UK redditor not understanding your constitution would be interested to know the answer as I have heard some folk in Texas talk about it . Please explain like I'm five.
question: Clarification on student expenses - To file the tax for the next year
question: why do naked bodies from different eras look different , hairstyles and photo stock aside Case in point ( NSFW ) URL_0 Explain like I'm five.
question: Estimated Taxes after surge in income
question: How was the use of nuclear bombs in WWII justified by the United States ? I have trouble thinking of any rational reason why anyone would think that was a good idea . ELI5 ! Explain like I'm five.
question: Why does a place like a hospital need to advertise ? I mean , if I break my arm , I 'm going to the nearest hospital , plain and simple . Explain like I'm five.
question: Could a post - human civilization achieve or surpass our level of technology / standard of living with the remaining resources left to them ? Lets say we were gone by 2025 . In most areas have we not already extracted the easily discoverable / attainable stuff ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Why is n't the asteroid belt coalescing into another planet ? I figured that 's how planets were formed -- by debris around a star " clumping up " into planet - sized bodies ? Explain like I'm five.
question: if i was being chased by a bear , could i just find a tree with a decently sized trunk and do my best to stay on the exact opisite side of the trunk as the bear ? And where do i collect my nobel prize ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Please explain what is "Punched cards"
question: I 'm on a bus using WiFi as it travels from Cincinnati to Pittsburgh , how is this possible ? Satellites ? Routers placed every 100 feet along the highway ? Explain like I'm five.
question: If the keyboard was being designed today , would it have the current layout ? Hey , has our behaviour in typing and the use of words changed that much that it would actually change the way a keyboard layout is working ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: What happens if we break " war laws " like the Geneva convention . And how does it make sense to have rules for war , whenever countries are fighting to survive , not just to " win " like in some game ? . Explain like I'm five.
question: Index funds with dividends?
question: What 's the religious situation in the US ? Being from the UK it 's all a bit confusing yet you all talk about it like it 's simple despite the many different religions like Westboro baptists , Armish , Scientologists , mormoms .. Explain like I'm five.
question: Priests are not allowed to tell anyone what goes on during confession . Are there any exceptions to this ? Hypothetically , if an infamous uncaught serial killer like the Zodiac Killer were to confess his many murders , could the priest report this ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Could someone please explain electoral votes / how citizens vote in America ? I heard someone asking if the average voters vote mattered because of the electoral vote , how does the system really work regarding electoral vote and the citizens vote ? Explain like I'm five.
question: how do xrays work ? I am confused as to how x rays actually work ; why is that they can go through flesh but not bone ? How do they ... I dunno , work ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why do we need to do court stuff to change our own name ? Why do we have to go through all those law stuff and with a chance of getting our wish to change our name rejected ? Explain like I'm five. 
question: How is Elon Musk able to accomplish so much ? He always seems to be Musking it up , doing crazy cool things for the world . What 's the story here ? Explain like I'm five. 
question: How can every car insurance company be cheaper than all the others ? Every company promises they can save you $ 300 + when switching , how can two companies be cheaper than each other ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Why do so many things have California specific regulations ? I see this everywhere such as this product has a chemical known to the state of California to cause birth defects . Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why legal language is so convoluted and ( seemingly ) deliberately confusing and ambiguous Surely you should be clear and concise with any communication especially with something as important as the law . Explain like I'm five.
question: what do porcupines eat
question: How does corn survive the digestive system ? When you eat some really good corn , next morning you poop and Mr corn mostly fine , just a little bit dirtier . Why does stomach acid let it survive so well ? Explain like I'm five. 
question: Why do n't we build pyramids anymore ? With the abundance of pyramids in ancient cultures , why do n't we build them anymore ? They seem to be structurally sound , and clearly stand the test of time . Explain like I'm five.
question: Why spicy foods are enjoyable ? Why do some people enjoy consuming spicy food if it causes pain ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: How do dumb people get into such positions of power ? It seems that more often than not , dumb people come into positions of power . Like managers , government officials , or what have you . How does this keep occuring ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Why exactly is it said that you ca n't be racist against white people ? this has been explained to me several times and i understood nothing . it would probably be wiser to explain like i 'm an infant . Explain like I'm five.
question: Why dosen't the rain come down the chimney ? I know this has been asked before , but i could not find any good answers . Most commonly is the Chimney Cap answer , but My chimney dosen't have one . Please explain like I'm five.
question: How did the restaurant industry convince the American population to pay their employees for them ? Where did we buy into the tip system ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Is it dangerous to skip the medicine from consuming?I was given a cortisone 40mg on Fri. for an infection,bronchitis, thd doctor also told me to start taking my other medication, Hydrocortisone 5mg on tuesday. bbut because i m feeling a little short of breathe i could take it tonite. is it dangerous to to so and will it help until i call him tommorrow morning?
question: Why does dog poop turn white after its been sitting outside for an extended period of time ? And why does it get fuzzy sometimes ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: What is ebola and why is it so dangerous/ deadly ? Please explain what ebola is and why its such a big deal . Please explain like I'm five.
question: What is Borderline Personality Disorder ? Friend I grew up with was just diagnosed with BPD . What is it ? Is that why he never got along with his family ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Why do businesses have promotions that are FREE and you only pay for shipping ? What do they gain from this ? Is this secretly a scam somehow ? I 'm starting to see this trend all over the place . Explain like I'm five. 
question: The difference between what incognito mode does for your privacy and what TOR does for your privacy ? No need to up vote etc I just wanted a quick explanation . Thanks ! Please explain like I'm five.
question: What is the idea behind being able to post bail for short term freedom before a trial ? I do n't see how having money should have anything to do with having freedom . How are people " less dangerous " after posting a certain amount of money ? Explain like I'm five. 
question: where do mosquitoes sleep ? Where are do mosquitoes hangout all day till they come to fuck with me ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Indian giver ? I 've been used to saying the phrase , " Do n't be an Indian giver ! " , since I was a child . Now that I 'm older it seems a tad racist . Where did the phrase even come from ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: What purpose does Fort Knox serve , since the United States no longer backs the dollar with gold ? The USA has n't used commodity money since the 1960 's , but Fort Knox is still a high security army base ; what is inside ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: How do people grind their teeth when they ’re sleeping and why it happens ? So I share the same bunk with a friend and it ’s kinda annoying ... Can anyone explain thanks ! Explain like I'm five. 
question: why do so many lottery winners go broke within a year ? Seems to me like if i just won millions of dollars I 'd be set for life . How does this happen ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Ownership in company and rounds of investment
question: Why are gas prices so high even though the US is producing the most it has in over two decades ? Source : URL_0 Explain like I'm five.
question: what is an arc in a story plot
question: If when light ray travels from one medium to other , it 's speed decreases / increases , why does the direction of the light ray change ? The question should be self - explanatory , But if any explanation needed , I 'll do the needful . Please explain like I'm five.
question: what are club seats
question: If energy can not be created or destroyed , what was it 's original source ? When we say " energy can not be created nor destroyed " I get confused because then where did it come from ? what was the first instance of energy ? Explain like I'm five.
question: What is the difference between different varietals of wine ? I know nothing about wine , but I like to drink it . Explain like I'm five.
question: The relation of the moon to the tides system How does the moon affect the tides , and how do tides work ? Explain like I'm five.
question: How far into space can we go before video or voice transmission would cease ? Even if the home base would not be on earth , what is the distance , if there is any , that would stop communication . Explain like I'm five. 
question: Why is A = a² V = a³ but not t = a²*a² Why ca n't you calculate the time by quadrating the variable ' a ' ? aka a^4 = t Explain like I'm five.
question: What is the difference between all the Christian denominations ? Why are their so many denominations of Christanity and what makes one different from another ? Explain like I'm five.
question: What causes pain in arm if suffering from hypertension?I am 63 years old, 5 ft. 10 in. and 180 lbs.  I have a history of high blood pressure, high cholesterol, and Type II diabetes. All of these have been controlled well through medication.  I have blood tests every three months which show no difficulties.  Recently, I have had pain in my right arm periodically.  It can last for about 1/2 hour but then it returns.  Should I be concerned with this pain in my right arm?
question: Why is death by firing squad so bad ? I hear people say it 's a really bad way to die , but why ? It seems quick and there 's no torture . Explain like I'm five.
question: What are with the tags on mattresses and why is it a big deal if you remove them ? Thanks for the answer guys . Please explain like I'm five.
question: Is the racism that one comes across on the internet representative of actual racism IRL ? Is it that people say what they truly feel on the internet ? Or are they just trolling ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Why Do I Feel The Need To Do Something To One Side Of My Body After Doing It To The Other ? For Example : I touch my left ear , now I have the urge to touch my right one ! Why is that ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Do I have to repay the First-Time Homebuyers tax credit if I refinance?
question: - How do lightbulbs know the correct wattage to draw from the electrical current . How does a 60 watt bulb and 20 watt bulb fit into the same socket yet know to draw more or less amps ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Why do companies put an emphasis on whether or not your Hispanic on job applications . Being half Hispanic and half Caucasian , I 've always been curious on why I can never check the two races box . Example here : URL_0 Explain like I'm five.
question: How many consecutive games did Ken Jennings win?
question: Does investing money in other currencies help pad losses in case of a stock market crash?
question: Why are multi - stage rockets better than single - stage ones ? I 've always wondered . Explain like I'm five.
question: How much cash money can you put into a bank account at one time without drawing suspicion ? Would it be better to spread deposits over time ? How much per deposit ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why do young people kill themselves so much more than other age groups ? You mostly see people from ages teens to mid 20 's kill themselves , but why do n't other mostly older age groups commit suicide as much ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Would every FX currency pair or public stock that is under the 30 level using Relative Strength Index (RSI) be an undervalued pair?
question: How to handle taxes related to affiliate marketing?
question: How to fill the IRS Offer In Compromise with an underwater asset?
question: Why do people have fingernails ? Why people have fingernails ? What purpose do they serve ? Explain like I'm five.
question: What does it mean that we 've never " directly observed " a black hole ? I guess the title says it . Explain like I'm five.
question: Thanks a lot buzzfeed ... So if you had a room comprised of all mirrors for walls , floor , ceiling etc . What would it look like inside that room ? Minus you viewing it of course . URL_0 Please explain like I'm five.
question: Would paracetamol overdose cause labyrinthitis?Hi just over a weak ago i took 24 500mg tablets of paracetamol at once, I did not experience any vomitting or side effects at the time. 5 days ago i started feeling very dizzy and unsteady and the doctor told me I had labyrinthitis, could this be anything to do with the paracetamol overdose?
question: The difference between 32 bit and 64 bit computer programs . I always see this and I never really know what it is . Does one run faster due to using more memory or something ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Why Dennis Rodman can go to N. Korea but a regular citizen ca n't Why can he go to any country he wants but A regular person ca n't go to a country we have an embargo against . Explain like I'm five.
question: What is stopping private banks from just " creating " money in their own accounts ? Numbers on our bank statements are n't necessarily backed by actual cash , so how is this behavior prevented ? How are all electronic transactions tracked without a blockchain - like ledger ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: How can alcohol withdrawal or detox kill you ? Edit : I ’m not an alcoholic , I just could n’t find concrete answers anywhere . 😊 Explain like I'm five. 
question: Cupping - What is up with this weird sports therapy that is giving the Olympians hickies ? Is it real ? Or hockum ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: how does alcohol influence the process of muscle rebuilding ? For example : I work out then have a couple beers later the same evening . Will the alcohol retard the rebuilding process or will it stop it at all ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Do ceiling fans actually do something ? i have never seen one in real life , i guess they 're not as popular here , but the ones i see in tv shows , movies , animation seem to spin very slow and just waste energy . Please explain like I'm five.
question: Had brain tumor, anaplastic ependymona. Has blood clot. Dangerous?My son had a brain tumor...anaplastic ependymona.  He is in remission but we just found out that he has a blood clot on the spot of the tumor which is on the frontal temporal lobe.  What will some of his symptoms be and can it be dangerous?He is 6 and was 4 when diagnosed with the cancer.  His neurosurgeon said that it can't be removed due to its size.
question: Multi-state K-1 earnings to S-Corp
question: Why does a hot pan put in a sink full of water make such a strange noise ? The noise I 'm asking about is not the " pssssttt " as it cools , but rather the " woooaaaiiinnnggg " sound as it submerges . Explain like I'm five.
question: Why do you get a second wind when you 're extremely tired ? I 've always wondered when you 're extremely tired , without sleeping or resting you all of a sudden gain a burst of energy ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: How accurate are IQ tests and how useful are they ? I do n't understand whether they are an outdated tool or if they are useful in predicting things like success , failure , salary , violence / crime , etc . Help ! Please explain like I'm five.
question: how does lift work in flight ? And how is it different in airplanes and helicopters ? Does science even lift ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Better ways to invest money held by my small, privately-held Canadian corporation?
question: How does saving the receipts from all of my various transactions help me ? My grandmother talks about saving my receipts all the time , but I have no idea how they relate to my tax return , or what to do with them if I did . Explain like I'm five.
question: find stock composition of a publicly traded fund
question: why do we have a different shoe sizes for men and women ? one scale would have been perfect ... air max thea , i m looking at you Please explain like I'm five.
question: How can we get a hold of our finances again, with much less time to spend on accounting and budgeting, due to the arrival of our child?
question: Why does my wifi stop working when my microwave is turned on ? For the most part it 's my wireless devices like laptops , PC 's and phones.etc . Explain like I'm five.
question: What is the proper usage of the semi colon and why do we use it ? I do n't know why but all my attemps to learn the semi colon have been a total fail . Please explain like I'm five.
question: How to confirm the requirement for iron supplements?Got blood test results cholestrol 160 LDL 70 hdl 79 triglycerides 56 Vitamin D 59 blood sugar 97 CBC 6.7 red 4.10 hemoglobin 11.9 hematocrit 34.8 I am a 53 year old active woman with no health issues but nurse practicitioner thinks I need iron supplements....I m not so convinced ...you suggestion
question: how exactly does medicine work ? Like what in your body does it tamper with ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Why has n't anyone developed technology to eliminate undesirable genetic traits in babies before they are born ? Apart from the ethical issues , is such a technology available yet ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Why are wait staff exempt from federal / state min wage regulations and why are n't unions/ workers rights orgs making any efforts to change this ? Seriously ... How is it legal to pay them < $ 3 an hr in some places ? Explain like I'm five.
question: What do Brita water filters do to make " cleaner " water ? I see filters have those black specs ... what are they ? how do the filters " clean " and filter water . Explain like I'm five.
question: Why are Youtube comments typically the worst comments ever ? Maybe it 's just me , but they always seem off topic or just completely false . Was it the Google+ implementation ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: How only a few companies can sell Domain names . How do domain names work , and how do companies like godaddy get a corner on the market ? Why ca n't anyone just sign up for a domain name ? Explain like I'm five.
question: How does Criss Angel walk on water ? I know it 's not really magic ... but how can people swim under him when he 's walking on water ? Special shoes ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Please explain what is "Dune (novel)"
question: Why are the OWS protesters beginning to organize bank runs ? Highschool student here just trying to understand . What 's the purpose and what will happen is a lot of people participate ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Is a stock's trade size history publicly available? 
question: How does trickle - down economics work ? I had someone tell me that Reagan 's economic policy helped the middle class . How does / did it work , and how does it affect us today ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Why Does Ice Cream Refreeze All Wrong ? How do they get ice cream to freeze all fluffy the first time if every time after that it freezes like ice ? Explain like I'm five.
question: What are the differences between 16 , 32 , and 64 bit programs ? same as the ask science thread . except when reading it my head was about to explode . i am really dumb Explain like I'm five.
question: Why is there WAY more snow in the northern hemisphere than in the southern hemisphere ? Even at the bottom of South America there is little to no snow during winter ( excluding on mountains ) even though it 's not far above Antarctica . Why is that ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: How does city zoning work in London ? For example , Camden is a borough in the city of Westminster which itself is in the city of London . How is it that a city exists within a city ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: What is code sharing in the airline business , and why do airlines do it ? What are the advantages / reasons , and what is it in general ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Satan In Christianity , how did Satan come to be ? Why does God allow him to exist ? Why do the souls who do n't get into heaven go to Satan ? What is Hell actually like as described in the bible ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why ca n't you get your hands wet after you just ironed ? Mom kept telling me that she ca n't wash the dishes since she just ironed the clothes . Not entirely sure why Explain like I'm five.
question: How can I escalate a credit dispute when the bureau “confirms” the item?
question: Why does a bag of chips usually have so few chips in it ? Relative to how large the bag is Please explain like I'm five.
question: Who exactly is the National Debt owed to ? Is there ever going to be some sort of end to the payments ? Why is n't the debt depleted ? Is n't the government at the top of the hierarchy of society ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Lost credit card replaced with new card and new numbers. Credit score affected?
question: IQs and IQ tests . How do they come up with that number , what exactly is the test all about , and what does that number mean ? Explain like I'm five.
question: How do smartphones know how to rotate correctly when " Auto - Rotate " is enabled ? It always interested me since I got my first smartphone years ago . Explain like I'm five. 
question: What would a person blind from birth ' see ' during their dreams Or even more in - depth * * deaf * * and blind from birth Explain like I'm five.
question: Are companies in California obliged to provide invoices?
question: Why have n't more liberal countries than the US legalized marijuana ? I know about Uruguay and the Netherlands along with a plethera of countries where it is de facto legal . But with the seemingly far more progressive governments across Europe , what is stopping legalization worldwide ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why are shaving razor refills so goddamn expensive ? I 've always wondered why razor refills are so expensive . It seems like they should n't cost that much to make . Is it some sort of razor company conspiracy ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Please explain what is "Google Now"
question: My 6 years old son cannot seem to make it to the toilethi doctor, my son is almost 6 years old. He can't seem to make it to the toilet, sometimes he has accidents, but his pants are always wet. We have tried special medicine from our GP, not drinking after 6. His teacher complaining he goes to the toilet at least 4 to 5 times a day.
question: Why Microsoft got in trouble for bundling IE but apple does n't for bundling Safari Seems a bit unfair to me , how is what apple doing any different at all ? Explain like I'm five.
question: 5/1 ARM: Lifetime cap, First Adjustment Cap, Margin, and Annual Cap?
question: Large BUY LIMIT orders' effect on a stock's price
question: What is the cause of sudden price spikes in the FOREX market?
question: Why does weed give some people anxiety while for others it relieves it ? Some people get extremely anxious when high while others are able to relax and have fun , why is this ? Explain like I'm five. 
question: Why do most cakes and dessert recipes call for eggs ? Almost every single cake / dessert recipe calls for egg ! What 's about eggs that makes them so essential . Explain like I'm five.
question: Should I lease, buy new, or buy used?
question: Is Orange Juice really as unhealthy as soft drinks ? An explanation would be much appreciated Edit : Thanks for front page reddit , and hi dad ! Explain like I'm five.
question: how does a steam engine work
question: How can countries have so much debt ? I was reading a wikipedia article that said the uk debt is 406 % of gdp . How does this work - like , where is all the money coming from ? Explain like I'm five.
question: why am I exhausted after a long road trip ? All I 've done is sit and drive for a few hours Explain like I'm five.
question: Why do I constantly have to keep checking if my phone or wallet are still there in my pocket , even though there 's a 99.9 % chance they have n't even moved ? Is it like a tick or something ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: What cancer patients actually die of ? Is it blood being diverted from organs into the tumor ? Weight of the tumor pressing down on the organs ? Or something else ? Explain like I'm five.
question: What is the difference between " legalization " and " decriminalization " of marijuana ? ? Explain like I'm five.
question: what is happening when I do n't receive text messages all day then receive them all at once later ? I 've had this happen sporadically on various carriers over the years and ca n't find a satisfying answer Please explain like I'm five.
question: Problems with Enterprise Value and better valuation techniques
question: Monster cables Why are they such a rip - off ? Why is a £ 2/$4 HDMI / Optical / Phono / Scart cable as good as a £ 100/$200 Monster one ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Why is the universe cold by default ? and is there a limit on how cold it gets ? The further away from the starts or heat , the colder it gets ... what 's the default temperature of the universe with cero stars around ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Your language How does the alphabet work ? How does it compare to other languages ? What keeps the grammar nazis busy , ex English 's their , they 're , there ? I 'm particularly interested in Hebrew , the type is beautiful for some reason . Explain like I'm five.
question: How old movies become HD Like how do movies that were not filmed in HD become HD for blu - ray Explain like I'm five.
question: Why does McDonalds Coke taste better than regular two liters or cans ? please Please explain like I'm five.
question: Noam Chomsky plaidpant did [ Nietzche ] ( URL_0 ) a while back , and I enjoyed it a lot . I heard Noam Chomsky speaking a few times , I 'd be interested for someone to ELI5 about him . Explain like I'm five.
question: Will prices really be different for cash and cards?
question: What exactly is happening when those hypnotists " hypnotize " people at a show ? The contact is minimal , so I ca n't really see instructions being passed . Plants are a factor , but how is it all rigged ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why do football players wear pads and rugby players do not ? Rugby videos are the trending thing in /r / videos right now and it got me wondering why those guys do n't wear any pads for protection meanwhile American football players are covered head to toe Explain like I'm five.
question: Why do dogs enjoy being petted ? Not that I do n't enjoy petting them , but is the tactile stimulation that wonderful that dogs actively seek it from owners / strangers ? Explain like I'm five.
question: can someone please explain what the cold war was all about ? As a Canadian it affected my parents and such however we did n't learn much about it in school , mostly Canadian history . I 'm unclear on what was happening and why . Explain like I'm five.
question: The difference between being decisive and being impulsive . My mama always said , " Make good decisions " -- but how ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Electoral College . Why do we still use this ? I understand why it was used in the past , but why do we still use this system today ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Please explain what is "Graphics processing units"
question: Please explain what is "Wikipedia:Please clarify"
question: Why do n't I have to " tell " my brain to replicate DNA or keep my heart pumping , but I need to for movement , breathing etc . abc . Explain like I'm five.
question: How do filmmakers find a job after graduating from a university and getting their degree ? Do they just go out and make a film or do they apply to a studio to work there as a director ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Does alerid help to treat dry cough?Hi, This is regarding my daughter who is 2 years and 7 months. Since yesterday she is suffering from dry cough and the intensity has increased now, In the past, she was prescribed Alerid 5ml, 2 mm twice daily for 4 days. We are under the dilemma whethet to administer the same dosage since we are unable to contact her paediatrician. Looking forward to your valuable input.
question: What economic, political and other factors influence mortgage rates (and how)?
question: What is the difference between time signatures that have the same ratio ? For example , why would someone choose 2/2 time over 4/4 time ? It will still give your 4 quarter notes per measure , just at half the time spent on each quarter note . Explain like I'm five. 
question: Why warn people with heart condition ? This article about Sahara dust covers Britain in smog & says that people with heart or lung condition have been warned by authorities to not to exert . Lungs , respiratory , I understand but why heart condition ? URL_0 Please explain like I'm five.
question: WHY do n't cats like water / getting wet ? THANK YOU . Explain like I'm five.
question: how long have kanab ambersnail been endangered?
question: What s the point of http:// and www . if I can go to any website without typing it ? ? Explain like I'm five.
question: How do we actually know that the Rosetta stone had correctly translated Hieroglyphics to Ancient Greek ? If it isnt / wasnt , would nt everything we deciphered be basically wrong ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Why do girls post their pictures to /r / gonewild ? There 's no money involved as far as I know . So why ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Why ca n't railguns be connected directly to the outlet ? Most of the videos of railguns I see have them powered by large capacitors that needs to be recharged after one usage . Why not connect the rails to an outlet ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: The difference between Major and Minor keys in music I know that each major key has a relative minor key that has the same notes , and vice versa , so what 's the difference ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: The role of producers in Hollywood How much control do they have over a movie ? Explain like I'm five. 
question: Why do we have rating systems such as the MPAA for movies and the ESRB for games , but no rating system for books ? Books can be inappropriate for kids too . Explain like I'm five.
question: Where can I see the detailed historical data for a specified stock?
question: Why certain prescriptions take so long to fill and others not at all Writing this after spending 45 minutes waiting for an inhaler and anti cough med watching people fly by . Explain like I'm five.
question: How are homeschooled kids evaluated for college admissions ? Without traditional grades how are homeschooled kids accepted to school ? If their home schoolers / parents give them grades , are nt the grades arbitrary bc bias and no way of knowing how good the education is ? Explain like I'm five. 
question: Why could I ride my bike without holding the handlebars so well as a kid , but now as an adult , it seems nearly impossible ? I used to be able to turn just by leaning , now it seems scary just to let go . Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why is milk more expensive than gas ? Why are milk prices government regulated ( in the us ) when it 's a renewable resource ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Forgot to renew Fictitious Name application within the county. What is the penalty for late filing?
question: Why ca n't some species of animals be domesticated ? Title . Explain like I'm five.
question: Why do people leave useless answers to Amazon product questions ? [ This for example ] ( URL_0 ) And I 've seen a lot more . Why even bother answering if your answer does n't provide useful information for the one asking ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: How should I save money if the real interest rate (after inflation) is negative?
question: Why is passive tense considered incorrect by most English professors ? i.e. Instead of saying " she was struck by a car " , you should say " the car struck her " , when both seem correct , to me at least . Please explain like I'm five.
question: When a bank is robbed , do the people / companies get reimbursed by an insurance company or the bank for all of their money that has been lost ? Or is it not even their money in the bank ? Explain like I'm five. 
question: How can we not yet replicate the composition of expensive aged drinks like old Whiskey and Cognac If it all comes down to chemistry , and there are some burnt oak traces and such ... Should nt it all be reverse engineerable at this point in time ? Explain like I'm five.
question: why youth unemployment is so high in Europe ? I hear a lot on the news about how youth unemployment is really bad in various European countries , but they never explain the causes behind it . Explain like I'm five.
question: Why is the ocean water so clear in places like the Caribbean but not at US beaches ? I think the question speaks for itself . Explain like I'm five. 
question: Why is water so heavy if it 's the lightest element mixed with the eighth ? ( Hyrdogen and Oxygen ) Please explain like I'm five.
question: r / circlejerk What is " circlejerking " on Reddit . This is completely serious , not looking for some stupid fucking response like " LoL guyz jerking eachohter off!!:!22 " Thanks . Explain like I'm five.
question: What do people mean when they talk about the central bank providing “cheap money”? What are the implications for the stock market?
question: Why a front facing camera flips the image it takes ? It makes my face looks weird Explain like I'm five.
question: How to start a business ? I 'm starting a construction business , I 've been operating over a year now by word of mouth and under the table . I want it to become legit , what steps do I need to take to get this started ? Explain like I'm five.
question: what is wrong about the theories in Dan Brown 's " The Da Vinci Code " ? ELI5 : what is wrong about the theories in Dan Brown 's " The Da Vinci Code " ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Music Theory ? I self taught myself guitar and piano when i was 13 and have been playing lead guitar in a band . I always hear about music theory but since i was taught unprofessionally I was never taught it . Explain like I'm five.
question: where do dungeness crab live
question: what does hair testing show
question: why do cowboys from the old westerns always wear such warm clothes ? It has to be hot . How did this become the style ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Can head pain behind the ears be caused by lumps?My boy is 21montha old. Kept complaining of head pain behind right ear for 6 weeks. Took him docs numerous times who confirmed there was nothing serious wrong. Upon looking and feeling behind his ears he has 2 lumps one behind each ear whoxh move and dont appear to hurt. What could this be as im havinf no answer of doc. He doesnt cpmplain of head pain anymore but does rub his head and eyes all the time. X
question: How do different varieties of quartz get their color ? Like , for example , smoky quartz . What gives smoky quartz that sorta burned look as opposed to clear quartz ? does it just have to do with environment ? Explain like I'm five. 
question: Suggest treatment for a lump on the earlobeHi! I have a lump behind my earlobe and it is very painful and it has 4/5 pin holes when I got it squeezed it was just pure blood, it is affecting my ear it feels like a tingling and sore feeling to ear and when I swallow it s sore I have had an ear and throat infection before but I don t feel sick..
question: Buying an investment property in Australia - what are the advantages and disadvantages of building a house vs buying an existing one?
question: What is Firefly ? Who are the good guys ? Who are the villains ? What the hell is a Browncoat ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Please explain what is "ECML PKDD"
question: Death Why do people die ? If cells regenerate , should n't they just reproduce themselves forever ? What makes the cells begin to degrade ? Simple question , no need for a simple answer . Explain like I'm five.
question: Why are boys considered blue and girls considered pink ? I mean : clothes , etc . , for baby boys are always blue and for girls they 're pink . I 'm wondering how that came . Explain like I'm five.
question: What causes elevated GGT level in blood?HiDoes protein powder increases GGT level? I scored a GGT level score of 113 after getting diagnosed with a viral infection. When i took the blood test I was on Augmentin antibiotic (twice per day). I had taken 4 pills by the time of the test. What usually increases GGT level? Please advise Thanks
question: Why do most forms of life need sleep and why do some not ? Not sure if there 's any form of life that does n't need sleep , but I 'm aware hibernation is also a thing , do they have the same reason for existing ? Explain like I'm five. 
question: What causes consistent bad breath?I have consistent bad breath even after just brushing my teeth. I brush longer than anyone, use mouthwash, I do not smoke nor drink alcohol and all to no avail. I drink a lot of diet soda and have an intolerance to milk. Is this what is creating my consistent bad breath?
question: What makes facebook so valuable ? Why would it be a 100 bn $ company ? Facebook is not making any products/ selling anything . Why would it be valuable ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Pay off credit cards in one lump sum, or spread over a few months?
question: Can blood be seen in urine if we have kidney stones?I am 32 and have been peeing blood 6 days no pain been to doc no infection. Have kidney stone in left kidney what do you think? I also have a feeling on something down in vaginal area but no urgency to pee sometimes the blood is visibl e and sometimes clear
question: Why does light from stars appear white when the sun is yellow ? Intuition tells me it has something to do with light spectrum and wavelengths Explain like I'm five.
question: Nuclear fusion reactors I 've heard from several people that no one really knows how it works , is this true ? And also , what is the significance of the one being used in two days ? Sorry if this is a bad question . Please explain like I'm five.
question: Any good software for value investment? 
question: What 's the difference between emotional cheating and having close friendships ? Some of these definitions make it sound like monogamous people can only have friends when they 're single or else they 're scumbags . Explain like I'm five. 
question: Why is it that animals can procreate between " family " and we ca n't ? Self explanatory Explain like I'm five.
question: Please explain what is "Gradient descent"
question: Price movement behaviour before earnings announcements
question: Why does the UK want to keep Gibraltar ? Apart from the fact that the inhabitants consider themselves British are there anyother reasons the UK still keeps it ? Explain like I'm five.
question: How do black holes work ? Mainly - Where does what ever it sucks up go ? Explain like I'm five.
question: The difference between karate , kung fu , tae - kwon - do , and other martial arts . Please keep it simple Explain like I'm five.
question: Why does everything that moves in outer space seem to move at extremely high velocities that could never be attained on Earth ? Or : Why does it seem that nothing moves slowly in outer space ? Explain like I'm five. 
question: Who contracts a groups like Blackwater and how exactly do they work comparing to armies belonging to countries ? Wow thank you all for providing good explanations Explain like I'm five.
question: Why do so many languages have words for when people sneeze , but not for similar actions ( e.g. coughing ) . Bless you , a vos souhaits , und gesundheit ! Explain like I'm five.
question: Why the Mona Lisa is so famous ? It just seems like some painting to me , why is it such a big deal ? Explain like I'm five.
question: What actually causes the " New car smell " after a car is rolled off the production line ? Surely their secret is n't that they have " New car smell " cologne that they spray in each car ... Explain like I'm five.
question: What is this whole Monsanto thing about ? All I know is it has something to do with plants and makes farmers really angry Explain like I'm five.
question: why do n't international sports players ( ie . Lionel Messi ) represent their countries at the Olympic Games ? Is there some sort of legal or logistical nightmare ? Explain like I'm five.
question: I started some small businesses but need help figuring out taxes. Should I hire a CPA?
question: Why is Idaho the famous place for potatoes ? I think I read once that it 's just " branding " these days ? Either way , WHY IDAHO ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Reaganomics I have heard that he raised taxes , lowered taxes , fixed the economy , and ruined the economy . +1 internet to whoever can explain this to me . Explain like I'm five.
question: what is go daddy.com?
question: How is Hubble ( and other ' scopes ) able to take such high resolution photos of nebulae ? like these : URL_0 Explain like I'm five.
question: Travel expenses for an out-of-state rental
question: Why is the breakdown of a loan repayment into principal and interest of any importance?
question: How X - rays are produced ? Studying A level physics , wondering if anyone can give me a clear explanation . Thank you . Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why is a sample size of 30 the suggested minimum required to perform statistical analysis ? My advisor suggested me to survey at least 30 households before I can perform statistical analysis Explain like I'm five. 
question: What is the point of filibustering ? I know why people filibuster ( IE : in Congress by reading phone books ) but it seems like such a dumb way to get your agenda across . Please explain like I'm five.
question: What is happening in Ferguson , MO ? I have n't been good at keeping up and now there is so much information . So from what started the rioting until now with Missouri being in a state of emergency , what is going on ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: The Manhattan Project I understand that it resulted in the first atom bombs , but why is it held as such an important event in history ? And why are there so many conspiracies surrounding it ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: if medical marijuana is so effective , why has n't it been commercialized by the pharmaceutical industry ? And clearly law is n't an issue , as we have legal prescription opiates and narcotics . Explain like I'm five.
question: How can I determine which stores are regarded as supermarkets for a rewards credit card?
question: What is the rate of return for a security when there is no risk-free rate (CAPM)?
question: What exactly happens when something explodes ? Like when someone blows up C4 . I get that there 's a charging blast that sets it off , but why does that cause an explosion ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: What is the permanent cure for back pain?im looking to get some help here? I have back problems and was given methadone for my pain. my dr left the practice and then got sick. my new dr signed me up for pain management and they put me on suboxone. hated the taste and did not do anything for my pain. right know I feel very sick (withdrawel). don't know what to do. please can someone help me don't know where to turn.
question: Torque ... I know it allows vehicles to climb hills better , but what determines it and how does it actually work ? Explain like I'm five.
question: How can teeth be aligned without the gums being cut?I have invisalign. My teeth are now very straight except for one of my front teeth is tilted towards the other one the bottoms of my front teeth are perfectly aligned but the middle and top of my teeth don't touch because the gums/muscle between my front teeth is in the way... is there anything that I can do besides getting that muscle cut?
question: Why does your body want to keep changing position at night ? When I 'm lying on my right side in bed at night after a while I feel as if the world will end if I do nt switch to my left side . Why is this ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: how does a dim sum restaurant work
question: where fourth of july came from
question: What causes blood in semen and pain while urinating?I masturbated while wearing sarong (Covering the penis using sarong). When the semen came out I saw couple of blood dots with the semen. I masturbate regularly at least once a day minimum. But now I am scared. Even when I am going to pee I am feeling a pain. What to do?
question: Can the Philadelphia Center City District Tax be deducted on my Schedule-A?
question: why is n't happy hour one single hour ? Why is it called happy hour when most restaurants have multiple hours when they offer the deals ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why do buisnesses use rebates ? It just does n't make sense to me the fact that one has to pay up front money , and then get it all back after rebate . Explain like I'm five.
question: How do Horoscopes work ? Like how do the people come up with such foresight ? Thanks for any input Explain like I'm five.
question: Selling stocks - capital gains
question: Why is labor so cheap in China ? Do most people there make enough money to have a good quality of life ? Edit : most people Explain like I'm five. 
question: Schrödinger 's Cat Theory , experiment and results . Thanks in advance ! Explain like I'm five.
question: Why are moths attracted to bright lights ? Title says it all Explain like I'm five.
question: Is Electricity Matter ? Why or why Not ? I recently had a n argument with a friend over this and we both realized we do n't know shit . Help . Please explain like I'm five.
question: How are hybrid cars any better for the environment ? I just do n't get it . You 're still burning fuel , just at a power plant instead of in your car . Explain like I'm five.
question: Why ca n't we just bomb a foreign power where they store their nukes ? Would n't that eradicate the nuclear issue with an enemy if we bombed and detonated their nukes on their own country ? Explain like I'm five. 
question: Difference in English and American spelling ? Why in the UK do we include the letter ' u ' in words like flavour , colour , contour etc . but in America they leave it out . Please explain like I'm five.
question: base 10 numbering system Can someone eli5 what the base 10 numbering system is ? Also , how would things change if we used a base 6 or base 4 numbering system . I 've read into it a lot but ca n't wrap my head around it . Explain like I'm five. 
question: How does a company like SpaceX remain a functional and profitable company ? How does it fund all of its operations as well as employees ? Who is purchasing / funding their products / services ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: The difference between copyright infringement and piracy Can someone please explain the difference between copyright infringement and piracy . Explain like I'm five.
question: What is happening in your brain when you undergo a panic attack ? What is the chemistry behind it ? Why are some people prone to them ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why is texting and driving not illegal ? Everyone knows it 's dangerous , but everyone keeps doing it . Explain like I'm five.
question: What was Europe TRYING to do by instigating the Euro ? It seems like such a bad idea ( hindsight = 20/20 ) . Why did everyone buy into it ? Was it just so they could be brotherly or did they think it would make them stronger ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Overclocking What exactly does it mean to overclock a processor ? and how would one do it ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Why does the u.s . have such large coffee sizes in store like Starbucks ? I 'm a man that was raised in Colombia , and I 'm still flabbergasted by the " small " cup size in Starbucks . To me the small is XXL size . Explain like I'm five.
question: Why is there a stereotype about engineers being socially inept stem from ? How true is it ? I 've heard from numerous people that engineers tend to be somewhat socially awkward . Is this true of many engineers in the population and why ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Why do most people work 9 - 5 , 8 hours a day ? Who said that starting at 9 and working for 8 hours was the standard way ? Explain like I'm five.
question: How do currency markets work? What factors are behind why currencies go up or down?
question: How a dyno determines how much horsepower a car has from the tires spinning . Is it how fast the drum takes to get up to speed ? I 'm sure there is alot more to it like gearing , but this has always boggled me . Please explain like I'm five.
question: How to polarized sunglasses work ? And for extra credit , why is it easier to see into rivers or lakes with them ? Explain like I'm five.
question: What is a Discount Called in the Context of a Negative Interest Rate?
question: Can there be anWiki ? For the questions that have already been asked . I thought of this when I was trying to explain to someone what Encephalitis was and found it hard to break it down . What do you think ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Should i be worried of numbness in toe for days?My fourth toe on my right foot has been numb for 3 days. I have not been wearing different shoes or running long distances. Should I be concerned? What are some possible causes? It is only one toe, I do not have any symptoms, markers or history of diabetes.
question: Dead Voter Fraud When some elections are investigated into , it may be found that votes were cast for people who are dead . Excluding the possibility of zombie voters , how does this happen ? Explain like I'm five.
question: How can I investigate historical effect of Rebalancing on Return and Standard Deviation?
question: My company didn't pay taxes on my behalf
question: - how do we perceive color ? i am vaguely aware of wavelegnth and reflection but i want to understand it plainly enough that i can appreciate the process when i see , say , a pretty flower Explain like I'm five.
question: Why is it so difficult to send emails with attachments larger than 10 mb ? It 's 2014 , surely we have the technology ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: How can I determine if my portfolio's rate of return has been “good”, or not?
question: How do they freeze the moment on camera and then spin around a certain point 360 degrees ? URL_0 Example is in this video at 34:20 Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why is n't water a super conductor ? I have a general understanding of super conductors , but is it possible for water to behave like a superconductor given certain circumstances ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why is the USA drinking age set at 21 when in most other respects you 're an adult at 18 . Not trying to criticize , just wondering how it got set to 21 ... seems arbitrary . Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why do n't we drug test for welfare ? All I find on google is a far right or far left opinion on the matter . All I want is a simple explanation as to why not ? Explain like I'm five.
question: who sang momma told me not to come
question: Why are pro - gun people opposed to smart guns ? e.g. URL_0 Explain like I'm five.
question: Why do people black out when drinking ? I 'm sure we 've all had one of those nights . What is going on in our body when we blackout ? Why does it happen ? Explain like I'm five.
question: How does a cell phone vibrate ? When getting a text or call , how does the phone vibrate ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Please , E = MC² . What exactly did this prove to be , and how did it change our world forever ? Explain like I'm five.
question: What is rape culture and is it really happening ? Edit : Thanks for all the serious answers . I really appreciate it I feel educated now haha Please explain like I'm five.
question: Can I have a psychiatric problem as I always feel I may get some disease ?I have always a thought that I would develop some deadly disease in that part of the body. This time I am feeling as though I will develop prostate cancer and feeling nervousness and stress in that area. I feel anxious in my penis area now. Can i really get prostate cancer? I am 15 and I am really worried. Is this a psychiatric problem?
question: programming languages . How are they made ? Why are they different?How is one more powerful than another ? Explain like I'm five.
question: where did mark jackson play pro basketball?
question: Freelance site with lowest commission fees? 
question: What would happen in the US if an acquitted murderer confessed his crime immediately after the verdict ? Other than the possibility of a huge civil settlement I guess . Thank you Explain like I'm five.
question: How is time measured in space ? On earth time is measured via its orbit . But what about when you are not on a planet ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Why is it so much easier to kill flies with a swatter than it is with your hand ? would love some answers ! thanks Explain like I'm five.
question: Why are cockroaches so repulsive compared to other insects ? Even though cockroaches do n't seem to bite or sting like wasps or ants , what is the biological mechanism that makes them so repulsive when we see them flying or running towards us ? Explain like I'm five. 
question: how do brands determine how many calories are in a specific food / meal ? I see the nutritional values on wrappers or on menus and I 've never fully understood how they get to those values . Thanks ! Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why did i get pain in my hip and groin after jogging?I went jogging last night and when I got back to the house I got a horrible pain in my hip and groin.. I just brushed it off and went inside and drank some water and showered. I went to bed and when I got up I couldn't lift my leg to get back into bed and I could barely walk. What is going on?
question: How does entropy prove why time only goes forwards ? In a college class today we watched a clip in which Brian Cox said " entropy is the reason time only goes forwards " . how ? Explain like I'm five. 
question: How does your phone know your location by connecting to Wi - Fi ? When you connect you smart phone to a Wi - Fi connection , it finds you location really accurately , how does it do that ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Why do we throw - up ( or feel like we are going to ) from nervousness or fear ? Like what 's going on anatomically and physiologically ? I hope I did this right . I googled and did n't get a clear answer . Please explain like I'm five.
question: How the Bible was actually created . I took a course years back , all I remember is there are a lot of gospels that were rejected at the time of the council thing . So how did the book actually become written for the first time ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Why is skin itchy ? What causes skin to be itchy ? Explain like I'm five.
question: How cameramen film actors looking in the mirror without getting in the shot ? Sometimes the camera angle is centered perfectly but there 's no other person in the reflection . Explain like I'm five.
question: Why video games tend to be for male gender ? Books , Movies , Music , etc are all unisex forms of art . But video games are mostly played by males ( like over 80 % ) . How that happen ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: For someone who does n't watch NFL , why was it so bad for the Seahawks to pass the ball ? I live in Australia , please be gentle . Please explain like I'm five.
question: How the brain stores information into tissue . I never understood how information can be stored in our brains which is just tissue . Explain like I'm five.
question: Why does it feel good to be angry ? Why does it feel so good to get really angry sometimes ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: How to find if a public company has taken out a loan?
question: Having renal failure, hospital for non related transplant, cost and document requiredsir i m ranjeet 29 yrs married suffering fm renal failure . i m dialysis for last 10 months. my sister came 2 donate her kidney but she failed the test now i donot have matching blood broup in my family. i m looking for non related transplant. pls guide me abt hospital where non related transplant happen cost and document require. pls guide me.thxs
question: Please explain what is "Integrated circuit"
question: String theory i 'm currently reading string theory out of interest , and no matter how hard i try , i just do n't seem to be able to understand it . explain it to me like i 'm five :) Explain like I'm five.
question: What happens inside you when you get a vaccine From the time it enters , what does it do ? Why does it often burn intensely ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Do technical indicators actually work while analyzing stocks? [duplicate]
question: Is it true that America does not negotiate with terrorists ? Why not ? This was a question my little brother asked me after watching The Dark Night Rises . Explain like I'm five.
question: why you have to sneeze when you have a cold Relevant while everyone is sick .... Explain like I'm five.
question: Why do dogs eat poop ? Why do dogs eat poop ? Is there a biological reason ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Why ships are shaped like a V and not square Would n't a squared bottom displace more water with the same height allowing the ship to take more cargo / navigate shallower waters ? Explain like I'm five. 
question: Why do stars twinkle if the light we 're seeing is from thousands of years ago and most things are n't big enough to block its light ? Noticed a star twinkling when I took my dog outside and could n't understand why it was . Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why is the volume highest at the beginning and end of a trading day?
question: Why do catchers in baseball give the pitchers signals ? What do these hand signals mean ? Should n't the pitcher know what pitch to choose ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: What causes inflamed gums?i have an inflamed gum area behind the last upper tooth...feels like im biting my gum when i close my teeth together and it pains when i eat...what can i do to ease the discomfort...the area has small bumps as if rashed...i think i must have eaten something and it irritated my mouth...mangos perhaps
question: How do people learn a language just by talking to people who are fluent ? If you do n't understand what is being said to begin with , how do you eventually start understanding ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Why do people say " Excuse my french " after cursing ? It 's just a topic I have always wondered . Please explain like I'm five.
question: the Quality Assurance profession Would like to know a bit on QA , the mindset it can give the workers , and what they do . Explain like I'm five.
question: Culture Shock What is it ? Why is it so disturbing ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Please use the Search function for Israel / Palestine aka middle east conflict questions . It much quicker and has been answered well again and again . URL_0 URL_1 Explain like I'm five.
question: What is the correct etiquette regarding handshakes when meeting people ? Under what circumstances should you and should n't you shake hands ? Sometimes I find myself in a situation where I do n't know whether I 'm supposed to extend my hand or not . Explain like I'm five.
question: who is the CEO OF FACEBOOK
question: The U.S. 's strong desire to make Iran the bad guy . As far as I know all reports indicate Iran is n't actively pursuing nuclear weapons and it seems as though the U.S. accuses Iran of some really outlandish things . What do ? Explain like I'm five.
question: how does pseudorandom works ? i googled this . and searched on eli5 ( still do n't understand ) . i really want to know how does it work . please explain like i m five . edit : i know what it means but not how it works Explain like I'm five.
question: Correct way to amend tax return as a result of not correctly reporting gains on sale of private stock based on Installment method?
question: Since I learned so much in the Detroit discussion , what happened to Cleveland ? I currently work here and I 'm from New Jersey so I do n't offhand know the history of the area very well . Explain like I'm five.
question: The Koch brothers and their sphere of influence I so often see mentioned when big political events go on , often under extremely shady and devious circumstances . How do they have so much influence in politics while staying out of the spotlight ? Explain like I'm five.
question: How does GPS work ? How does it know where you are ? Edit : Thanks for the replies now I understand how it works . Explain like I'm five.
question: How does acid dissolve things ? Ca n't understand what Google gave me :( EDIT : Thanks for the help ! Explain like I'm five.
question: what county is coatesville indiana located in
question: What is the best web browser ? I 've heard people talk a lot of shit about IE ( which I do n't really understand ) , so I 'm not sure what the difference is between all of them and what makes a " good " one . Explain like I'm five.
question: The phrase ' have your cake and eat it , too . ' Thanks ! Explain like I'm five.
question: Why we throw up at smells / bad sights . To me , it does n't make sense that our stomachs are related to our stimuli such as our senses . Can anyone help ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Why Nazi Germany was chosen for the 1936 Olympics ? I know that there is a panel of judges ( of sorts ) that chooses amongst potential host countries applicants . So why Nazi Germany ? Explain like I'm five.
question: If there is a separation of church and state , why are there laws that prevent gay marriage ? just wondering ... thanks ! Explain like I'm five.
question: How do women know when its time to change a tampon ? Do they feel it dripping down their leg or something ? Explain like I'm five.
question: How are jersey numbers picked in sports ? I 'm specifically curious about American football , basketball , and soccer but any explanations are welcome . Explain like I'm five.
question: Does delay in periods indicate pregnancy?hion june 18th my bf and i went to the movies he toucched me didnt even finger me he clamed to have no cum on his hands he said he took a shower before he came to the movies. i got my period the 28th of june about 9 or 10 days after i went to the movies. that day the 28ht i took a prego test in the morning and it said i wasnt pregnant and then that affternoon i got my period. i was wondering if im pregnant
question: How did Bill Gates actually make his money?
question: How the hell they drew maps of the world so accurately in the olden days when they were not aided by flight or satellite imagery ? Like this one from 1689 : URL_0 Explain like I'm five.
question: Please explain what is "The Guardian"
question: Twitch Plays Pokemon What 's the deal here ? Seems to be super popular right now ... Explain like I'm five.
question: Why do dogs lick people ? Does it represent a particular emotion on their part ? Explain like I'm five.
question: How to calculate how much a large stock position is really worth?
question: Why are there no permanent residents in Antarctica ? Whenever I read about population overcrowding , I never see Antarctica mentioned as a solution . Is it that uninhabitable that only researchers are willing to stay ? Seems like a waste of a good continent . Please explain like I'm five.
question: The cause of African - American 's higher succeptibility to heart diseases and high blood pressure . Mostly in America . Please explain like I'm five.
question: First Time Home Buyers - Down Payment, PMI and Points
question: Can anyone explain the rationale behind " thin privilege " and the fat acceptance movement ? Why do some people think it 's okay for people to be unhealthy and overweight ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Bloating and pain on right lower abdomen. Should i meet doctor?I have m any of the symptom of appendicitis.Bloatng pain on th right lower abdomen pressure on yhe left side brings about the pain ,to mention a few.It is 1'30 am where I am. should I try to reach my doctor or go to th er. I am 77 and otherwise in goodhealth  WWW.WWWW.WW
question: How are Sloths not extinct ? It seems to me that they would be quite easy to eat . They do n't have a shell like a snail or turtle , they 're just slow . What am I missing ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Why Ca n't I Eat Just One Meal That Satisfies My Daily Caloric Needs ? For example , if I need 2,000 calories a day , why ca n't I just eat one meal that has those 2,000 calories in it once every 24 hours ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why do alarms have a default snooze duration of 9 minutes ? Some alarm clocks let you change this timing , but why are most set to 9 minutes as default instead of 10 or 5 minutes ? Explain like I'm five.
question: How do SeaWorld get their killer whales ? Do they breed them or do they catch them ? If they breed them why / how did they breed a " killer " ? Explain like I'm five.
question: I can post something to Reddit one second and get negative link karma and someone can post the same thing another second and .. BOOM FRONT PAGE . There has to be more to it than just timing ! Explain like I'm five.
question: The difference between irony and sarcasm . I never really understood the difference between those two . I know irony is saying something that you do nt actually mean but sarcasm is the same , right ? Explain like I'm five.
question: How exactly do solar panels work ? I understand how they absorb heat from the sun and all , but then what ? What happens to the heat and how is it used to power electronics ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why are buttons on a shirt on the right hand side but on a blouse they are on the left hand side ? Buttons are on the right of a man 's shirt but on the left of a ladies blouse . Why is that ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Can a single-member LLC have a fiscal year not as the calendar year?
question: How do doctors amputate limbs ? Do they cut off and cauterize a little bit at a time or do they just chop that bitch off and do it all at once ? Explain like I'm five. 
question: Pedo Bear I 'm familiar with the meme , I understand dark and subversive humor , but am I supposed to find Pedo Bear funny ? Why perpetuate the meme ? What value does it have ? And yes , I realize the title is unintentionally hilarious . Explain like I'm five.
question: Why do the high and low temperatures for the day rarely reflect actual temperature ? I live in the Pacific Northwest and today it says High 46 , low 45 , currently 37 . This happens a lot . Why does the forecast look like that ? Explain like I'm five. 
question: Why do some floating - point operations result in long decimals ? As an example , 1.2 - 1.0 = 0.199999999999999996 Explain like I'm five. 
question: Building financial independence
question: Why is the sound of a crying baby universally annoying ? If a baby crying means it is in distress , why does the sound make humans want to avoid the baby , rather than activating some care instinct ? Explain like I'm five. 
question: Why do the majority of religious conflicts occur between people of monotheistic religions ? Most religious conflicts we hear about involve monotheistic religions ( i.e. Catholicism , Islam , Judaism ) . But why little to no polytheistic religious conflicts ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: How do drug tests work ? Is it like a special chemical that finds the drug ? Do drug tests find a multitude of drugs in a person or is there a specific test to find each type of drug ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why do college / university professors feel the need to " dumb down " the information ? ( X - post from r / askreddit ) In the end causing not the whole information " picture . " Explain like I'm five.
question: Why does n't NASA launch from a high altitude location ? I imagine being close to the equator is a good thing , but would n't someplace in the lower Rockies be better ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: What is rent seeking behavior , and what are good examples of it ? I 'm so dumb that the Wikipedia article could n't even help me . Explain like I'm five.
question: What does an abnormal amount of testosterone do to the male body ? As the title says , what are the symptoms and consequences of having too much or too little testosterone in your body as a male ? Explain like I'm five. 
question: What is a quasar ? Every definition I 've ever seen or heard has just been too complicated , what is it in a nutshell ? Explain like I'm five.
question: How does a 100 % satisfaction guarantee work ? I always here businesses guaranteeing " 100 % satisfaction or your money back " , but if I was n't completely satisfied what would I do ? Use the product and then say I was only kind of satisfied ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why are American Express cards are not as popular as Visa or MasterCard?
question: Why do surgeons need another 8 years of education after high school rather than just going into a 5 - 7 year surgical apprenticeship ? edit : I do n't think many of the replies understand what an apprenticeship program is . Please explain like I'm five.
question: Grinders . I 'm talking about the people who implant magnets in themselves . What does it feel like ? Why does it work ? Really I 'd like to know more about the topic in general . Explain like I'm five.
question: A Few Folks Over At /r / Law Made A New Subreddit To Explain Legal Issues . Come On Over . URL_0 Explain like I'm five.
question: How risky is it to keep my emergency fund in stocks?
question: If all Americans on here hate comcast and are worried about the more and more power they are getting then why do n't you mobilise and vote with your wallets ? Sure it might be painful but there are other ways to get entertainment . Please explain like I'm five.
question: what is disney's magic kingdom
question: Why do you have to wait a while before cracking your knuckles a second time ? I just do nt get what exactly happens during the time period of cracking your knuckles and being able to crack your knuckles again . Explain like I'm five.
question: Why does the autoban have no speed limit ? Not sure if I spelled that right , but I 'm talking about the famous highway in Germany that has no speed limit . Explain like I'm five.
question: As a minor in the UK do I need to pay taxes on self-employment income, and if so how?
question: Why cars only have 6 gears while bikes have 21 ? Most bikes have 21 gears while most cars have 6 . Why do n't cars have more gears , would n't it be more efficient to have more gears ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Freudian psychology and Jungian psychology Can someone explain them to me ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Why is -1 * -1 = 1 ? I saw someone answering this a while back , but I coudn't find that thread again . Edit : Thank you for all the great answers . Please explain like I'm five.
question: What must one do to move from one state to another ? Officially . Paperwork , change of address , etc ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Why is n't Scientology considered a cult ? Could n't find anything answering this , so I 'd like a simple explanation . If there is n't one , feel free to just explain then ! Explain like I'm five.
question: How do banks lose money on foreclosures?
question: Why it is unsafe to drink rubbing alcohol ? I know this sounds horrible , and I will never do it , but It is just alcohol is n't it ? Why is n't it possible to mix a drink with it ? Explain like I'm five.
question: is sarcasm universal ? Do all known languages have some form of sarcasm , and if so do they express it in analagous ways ? Is there any sort of research into the origin and evolution of sarcasm ? Explain like I'm five.
question: How do computers keep up with the fast speeds provided by Google Fiber ? Surely the disk ca n't record data at 1 gig/ sec right ? Explain like I'm five.
question: How do trains ( metal wheels on metal tracks ) climb hills ? Trains and trams have metal wheels , and run on metal tracks . How do they get enough traction to be able to climb up hills without sliding backwards ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why is there not just one universal USB charger shape for all small devices ? What I mean by this is why do Apple , Android , Sony , ect all have different USB charger shapes ? Explain like I'm five.
question: What are the ads that tell you " loophole to get an iPad for $ 30 " exactly about ? It is obviously a scam , but how do they pretend it works so that people fall for it ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: what county is wilton ca in
question: How come Native Americans never built empires like cultures on other continents ? South America had Incas and Mayans . Asia had Mongols and the Chinese Dynasties but , North America never had great cities or monuments . Please explain like I'm five.
question: Sore stomach with Cerebral Palsy of a 17 years old girlMy sister who is 17 and has Cerebral Palsy has had a sore stomach for a little over a week. It seems to be in her upper left side and possibly accompanied by a headach. I think it s sometimes worse at night, but all in all it s been CONSTANT. She losing alot of sleep over this. She does seem to be eating normally though.
question: Why does it take Amazon several days to " prepare " items for shipment ? Are n't they in a warehouse somewhere ready to go ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why do all ( or most ) languages capitalize the first letter of a sentence ? I need to know . Explain like I'm five.
question: what affects the money supply
question: What is the use of the UN if they are unable to prevent invasion of sovereign countries , ethnic cleansing and war crimes including use of chemical weapons ? Ukraine , Syria , Kurdistan , et al Please explain like I'm five.
question: What forms of payment am I compelled to accept?
question: Do things become ' popular ' in the animal kingdom ? For example , if a bird starts singing a new song , will other birds start to copy that to gain popularity ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why is writing in third person considered better than writing in first person ? I have seen people say that third person writing is better than first person writing , but why is this ? I 'm talking about writings like novels and other books with a storyline . Please explain like I'm five.
question: What would happen if the white house was bombed and every important politician was killed ? Would America be wide open for invasion then ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Can someone please explain the potential effects of raising the minimum wage to $ 15 ? I 'd like to form an opinion , but I just do n't really get it . Explain like I'm five.
question: Why is it that TV shows which make profit require release forms , whereas news broadcasts do not ; yet they also make profit ? It bothers me a little bit . Explain like I'm five.
question: Why does everyone in the US mortgages their house . It 's maybe because i m from South America , but I just ca n't understand why everyone just gets a huge debt for the rest of their life . Please explain [: Explain like I'm five.
question: If water boils at 100 degrees Celsius , how come puddles outside disappear when it gets sunny ? It does n't reach the boiling point , but somehow evaporates . Explain like I'm five.
question: What causes green colored blood veins running across the chest?I'm  57 year old male, 5'6", 150 lbs. Around seven months, I noticed green colored blood veins running ~ horizontally across top of chest with some branching between breast. There's no pain or irritation. It's just something new and unexpected. Is there a known cause?
question: How do credit union loans and dividends vs interest work?
question: Is deanxit causing bad sweating and flashes?Hi my mom has been taking deanxit for 7 years now. It was mostly.for her tension headaches and body aches. We were recently told that it is banned in several countries and India is also banning it. Also my mom has very bad sweating and flashes ( she s seventy) could this be caused by deanxit?
question: Structure of atom , especially the way electrons are setup Please explain how the electrons are setup around the nucleus ? Are they actually revolving around the nucleus or spinning ? Do I need to understand an electron 's dual nature to understand this ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Hard Drives What is the difference between SAS and SATA Hard Drives ? Why do they come in two sizes ? 2.5 " and 3.5 " Can you properly explain what the cache on a Hard Drive does ? What is a hybrid Hard Drive ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why does n't every American citizen pay the same percentage of income in taxtes ? Suppose the government taxed every citizen 20 % of their income . Why would n't that work ? Explain like I'm five.
question: The Joker card in a playing card deck Where does it originate ? What 's its purpose ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Why does sand + heat = glass ? Is n't sand just tiny bits of rock ? Why would melting sand turn it into a transparent glass instead of opaque rock ? What 's the difference between making glass and what happens inside a volcano ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Negative properties of continuously compounded returns
question: Insider Trading?
question: who wrote the song in the mood
question: why in this modern age of materials are flour and sugar still sold in paper bags that never seem to be quite able to contain dry powder ? and often rip when opened for the first time . Explain like I'm five.
question: Why do many people hate Nickelback ? I understand why their music is n't great , but why a lot of people cringe at their name and act like they 're the worst band ever ? Thanks . Explain like I'm five.
question: Why does money exist ? I 've been thinking about it , and most problems begin with money . Explain like I'm five.
question: Why do scalp and muscle massages feel so much better when someone else gives them to you ? Why does nt a self - administered massage feel the same ? Explain like I'm five. 
question: Why have humans created the idea of religion ? What distinguishable characteristics of the human pschye are responsible for humans creating / believing in the concept of religion ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Please explain what is "Natural-language understanding"
question: Why did we ( USA ) bomb Iraq today ? What does this mean for our country ? I do n't fully understand ISIS/ their goals/ why we bombed them/ what this means for the USA moving forward . Any insight would be great . Please explain like I'm five.
question: In Thomas and Friends why does Sir Topham Hatt talk to the engines when there are clearly engineers operating them ? They must be confused by this dude talking to the front of their engines all the time babbling on about being really useful right ? Explain like I'm five. 
question: What should I be aware of when renting a home to a corporation instead of an individual?
question: How does Hollywood unanimously blacklist a person like Mel Gibson ? How are they able to entirely blacklist him ? Is it actors not wanting to work with or studios just saying no ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: where did the persian war take place
question: Why does 72 degrees feel hot in my house at 6 pm , but cold when I am wake up at 6 am , and perfect when I am outside ? " when I am wake up " Words are hard . Please explain like I'm five.
question: why does a " normal " guitar have 6 stings but a bass guitar has 4 As someone learning to play the " normal " guitar , I was a little curious Please explain like I'm five.
question: How is it legal for a city government pass a law to ban smoking within a private business ? It does n't make sense for a government to pass laws to restrict a business owner in a free enterprise market . Explain like I'm five.
question: Could an ex-employee of a company find themself stranded with shares they cannot sell (and a tax bill)?
question: Why is H2O2 poisonous and H2O is n't ? I know it sounds stupid but there 's only one extra oxygen atom ? Why such a difference ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: What was "Freedom Summer"?
question: Good habits pertaining to personal finance for someone just getting started?
question: Tax inversion . What is it about USA taxing that makes it so much more appealing for companies to move overseas ? Side question .... Which is better ? 1 ) Making tax inversion illegal 2 ) making USA taxes more appealing for companies to stay Please explain like I'm five.
question: What is a mathematical proof ? Like , is " 2 = 2 " a proof that two equals two ? How can math prove anything ? ? Explain like I'm five.
question: American Fraternities I 'm British and my only knowledge of fraternities comes from the shite American Pie films Explain like I'm five.
question: Why does pouring water on grease fire increase the amount of flames ? I 've always wondered why water ; something that is used to put out fires increase the fire flames when added into grease fire . Explain like I'm five.
question: HDTVs / blu - ray - why 1080 ? Why is 1080p the chosen resolution for blu - rays and hi - def TVs ? Computer monitors with higher resolution are available so why not increase the resolution of TVs / blu - rays ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Why are Russian fans and English fans fighting so much at the Euro Cup ? What 's the history behind these two teams ? Why all the violence ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: How are sailing vessels able to sail faster than the wind that is propelling them . The title says it all .. Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why hats are not permitted while inside a Royal Canadian Legion , or at most people 's supper tables ? I understand it 's out of respect , but is there an event or story in history that brought this tradition about ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: What does muscle ache and fatigue with red rash on body indicate?I had muscle tiredness and aches then I noticed a few white sports on my skin. I though these may have been mosquito bites but the next day there were more of them and now I have a red rash all over my body. Flu symptoms have gone but my muscles now feel strangely tight. Or maybe it's my skin.
question: How to take advantage of home appreciation
question: F1 student and eBay selling tax
question: Please explain what is "Roman Yampolskiy"
question: What happens to 401(k) money that isn't used by the time the account holder dies?
question: Why ca n't I smell boogers in my nose ? Because I can definitely smell them once they come out Please explain like I'm five.
question: How does a drug overdose kill you ? What happens in your body that might end up being lethal ? Explain like I'm five. 
question: What did Lawrence Joshua Chamberlain do?
question: Why does Oscar Pistorius end all of his answers with " my lady " ? I was watching a bit of the Pistorius trail and every time the prosecutor asked him a question he would end his answers with " my lady " . Explain like I'm five.
question: Basic calculus . Gon na take it next year , and honestly have no idea what calculus even is . What makes it different than the math I 've already taken ? Explain like I'm five.
question: the purpose of these types of electric stations you see everywhere ? ( pic ) [ URL_0 ] ( URL_0 ) Explain like I'm five.
question: Please explain what is "Elon Musk"
question: Is oosure good medication for getting pregnant while having PCOS?is oosure known to be great for treatment of pcos in order get pregnant. I am 27 year old female with PCOS on both ovaries. Cysts are not that big but they are becoming hurdle in getting pregnant. Any answer regarding this will be helpful to me to have a hope for getting normal pregnancy
question: How can ligers and mules exist as offspring of two different species ? How can tigers and lions , two separate species , produce viable offspring , when nearly all other combinations of species would not ? The same thing goes for horses and donkeys as well . Please explain like I'm five.
question: The Monty Hall Problem ? How exactly does it work ? EDIT : Thanks everyone ! Please explain like I'm five.
question: How does the president campaign and do presidential work at the same time during an election ? it seems like Obama would be so busy trying to get reelected that he would n't have time to do his job Explain like I'm five.
question: Could you explain me how " SLS handshaking " works , in simple terms ? Analogies would be helpful too . I read the wikipedia on TLS , I really want to understand 1 ) how handshaking happens 2 ) how attacks on this system happen ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Suggest medication for red,itchy spots on the faceYes I get red, itching, burning spots on my face, neck, arms, chest, shoulder. I get them where certain thing touch my skin such as makeup brushes, my boyfriends beard, my dogs fur. Sometimes i get little bumps, not like pimples more like mosquitoes bites. I also have red cheeks but its closer to my jaw. I have never had this condition before, I was just hoping it would go away. Please help!!
question: Why do we think animals are cute ? what evolutionary purpose does it have ? Is there a benefit or is it because we like to cuddle with fur ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: How many stocks will I own in n years if I reinvest my dividends?
question: Loan to son - how to get it back
question: Complex Numbers I ca n't find anywhere a direct answer to what a complex number is nor I can begin to visualize it in my head . Explain like I'm five.
question: Suggest remedy for pain in legs and handsI have a regular pain in my legs and hands, which aggravates with any physical and mental exertion.....I got all my check ups (sugar, blood, urine etc) done and everything is fine. I am unable to understand the resaon for the same. can you please help me?
question: Why is the Great British Bake Off so popular ? Why is Bake Off so popular when other cookery shows ( like Masterchef ) showcase better cooking and are just as good , or even better to watch ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: What is a citizen 's arrest and how / when to perform one ? When should you and how would you go about it ? Thanks ! Explain like I'm five.
question: The Anarcho - capitalist movement I do n't fully understand what they believe in , government wise . Any clarification is greatly appreciated ! Explain like I'm five.
question: When following a buy and hold investment strategy, on what conditions should one sell?
question: What causes a large growth around C1 cervical spine?My son-in-law has a golf ball size mass wrapped around C1 and his doctor informed him that it is an unknown mass and assembled a group of doctors but they do not know what to do because they have never seen anything like it and it is rare where it is located. My concern is the brain stem. The doctor said that the brain stem is not damaged but how close is the brain stem to the C1 area.
question: Why do coupons have expiration dates ? I mean , if a coupon expires , that lessens the chance that the costumer will go to the store and buy something . Please explain like I'm five.
question: what do the different temperatures on a washing machine do to my clothes ? like when it has cold / cold , cold / warm , warm / warm , warm / hot etc . what temperatures should I be using for different types of clothes / fabrics ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Can US ever repay its national debt ? Is it possible to ever get the 17 or so trillion dollar debt back to 0 and how so ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why do amusement rides have height restrictions ? Like ' you have to be this tall ' or ' you ca n't be taller than x ' Explain like I'm five.
question: if there is an overwhelming disdain for microtransactions if video games why do they still exist ? LjBOuXaRAsqnKB17tMP627Y2Unfmgp0M9Kdj2dNhEmrX0XN9fuZ57VBtjvw4EgLjBOuXaRAsqnKB17tMP627Y2Unfmgp0M9Kdj2dNhEmrX0XN9fuZ57VBtjvw4EgLjBOuXaRAsqnKB17tMP627Y2Unfmgp0M9Kdj2dNhEmrX0XN9fuZ57VBtjvw4EgLjBOuXaRAsqnKB17tMP627Y2Unfmgp0M9Kdj2dNhEmrX0XN9fuZ57VBtjvw4EgLjBOuXaRAsqnKB17tMP627Y2Unfmgp0M9Kdj2dNhEmrX0XN9fuZ57VBtjvw4EgLjBOuXaRAsqnKB17tMP627Y2Unfmgp0M9Kdj Please explain like I'm five.
question: How is Canadian healthcare different from Obamacare ? Canadian healthcare , along with many other countries who provide healthcare via the government , is working perfectly fine , so how is it working when American healthcare is n't ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why does n't the iPhone use a micro - USB charger ? Why ca n't apple use micro - USBs like everyone else ? I know that the nexus 6 boasts having turbo charge so I feel like a microusb could charge quickly as well . Please explain like I'm five.
question: Does a microwave take time to " warm up " ? Is the output the same after 1 second of use and after , say 30 seconds of use ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: How does the province system of Canada work ? Are they similar to states in the US ? Do they all have their own representatives in their federal government , like US Congress ? I 'm just curious how they all relate to one another . Explain like I'm five.
question: Theoretically , if you dropped a plugged in toaster in to a lake / ocean , how far would the electric current spread ? Title pretty much sums it up , I 've always wondered since watching Club Dread . Please explain like I'm five.
question: Stocks that only have 1 really high peak 
question: What 's going on in Anaheim ? So the number one video on r / video is a creepy clip on protests ( ? ) in Anaheim . What 's going on there and why did it start ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Why do a lot of people do not consider pirating online material bad ? I see a lot of posts about TPB being down . And a lot of drama is popping up about the legality and morality of piracy . Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why is Africa so fucked up ? What about the continent makes it so backwards in terms of disease , illiteracy , poverty and conflict ? Explain like I'm five.
question: How does the Doomsday Clock work ? I know that the closer to midnight the " time " shown is , the more in danger we , as a species and a society are , but how is the risk actually calculated ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why ca n't I tickle myself ? If someone else touches my sides or armpits , it feels tickly . If I touch my armpit , I just feel weird that I 'm fondling my armpit . What 's up with that ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Why can't you just have someone invest for you and split the profits (and losses) with him?
question: Why is circumcision a religious thing ? I understand that it can come in handy , but I do n't understand why religions include it in their traditions . Explain like I'm five.
question: How can the French have such relaxed work standards and not have their economy collapse ? It 's now illegal in France to answer emails after 6 pm . [ Link . ] ( URL_0 ) Are they that more productive when they work ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: What 's the big deal about Half Life ? Yes , I 'm talking about the game . Explain like I'm five.
question: Please explain what is "Classifier (machine learning)"
question: Why ca n't cargo freight ships carry weapons to fend off pirates ? Like in Captain Phillips , they could n't have any weapons . But why not if they basically know they are going to get attacked by pirates ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Do you avoid tax when taking a home equity loan?
question: Why do people buy gift cards ? I was just introduced to this concept and do n't understand it . Why pay money you can spend on anything for something that limits spending to only one place ? Is there any benefit ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Am I eligible for a student maintenance loan?
question: The Aristocrats - joke I read the joke here on reddit and also browsed to the Wikipedia - page , but I just do n't get why it 's funny , that a really gore - act is called The Aristocrats . Explain like I'm five.
question: Why does the USPS use jeeps to deliver mail ? Jeeps are notorious for high gas costs , and frequent maintenence , so why does the USPS use them ? Is n't there a cheaper alternative ? Edit : cheeper Please explain like I'm five.
question: Change In Cash and Cash Equivalents (cash flow) vs Cash And Cash Equivalents (balance sheet)
question: What is destiny , and what 's the difference between destiny and fate . I just do n't understand . It 's obvious that something is written , but how ? If you believe in destiny , explain how this works . Explain like I'm five.
question: Why JarJar Binks was such a hated character among old fans of Star Wars I grew up in the new trilogy era so for me JarJar was there from the beginning and I thought he was nice comedic relief . Explain like I'm five.
question: Why did the nazis specifically target Jews ? I never understood this . Is there an objective reason the nazis targeted Jews during WWII ? Explain like I'm five.
question: How do cities remain modern looking as time passes ? Cities like Shanghai and Hong Kong come to mind . Please explain like I'm five.
question: How I can feel the presence of someone entering a room Often when I 'm in my room asleep / half asleep and someone comes in to grab something quietly I can ' feel ' them enter and exit the room . What exactly is this ? Explain like I'm five.
question: How do football players prepare for a cold game ? How do they not shiver and have cold stiff fingers when they throw and catch the ball ? Edit : American football Please explain like I'm five.
question: How do countries enforce border control when there is thousands of miles of land that people can use to get in ? There is no way it is possible to patrol the entire border . Please explain like I'm five.
question: How do they determine television rating statistics ? Can they actually tell how many people have their televisions on a specific channel at specific times ? If so , how ? Are n't some television services one - way ? ( Satellite ) Explain like I'm five.
question: How can businessmen get prosecuted for things like insider trading and securities fraud when their businesses have limited liability ? . Please explain like I'm five.
question: If someone goes to jail for something that later becomes legal , are they then released ? For example if someone in Nevada went to jail for weed , were they released when weed became legal there ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Can I get a mortgage from a foreign bank?
question: Why are banks " evil " and why does inflation happen ? Why are banks " evil " and why does inflation happen ? Why ca n't people make more money but prices stay the same ? SOLVED . Thanks for the anwsers Explain like I'm five.
question: Suggest remedy for dark circlesdark circle about 14 years old... now i am 24 years old and now little bit darkening around nose. i have used many times the dark circle reducing creams but not significant effect. drinking excessive water reduce it but not completely what is solution guide me.
question: The plot of the fourth season of Lost As the show goes on , it just keeps getting more complicated , so please help me understand this ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Why can I make a rumbling noise by tensing something inside my ears ? Every time I ask someone if they can do it they think I 'm crazy , does anyone know what this is and why I can do it ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Should I start investing in property with $10,000 deposit and $35,000 annual wage
question: Why does it feel so good to clean my ears with a QTip ? The title pretty much gets the question out there . But why does it feel so good to do that ? Explain like I'm five.
question: why is FIFA so against using technology in football ? Other sports ( rugby , hockey , cricket , American football ) use video etc - why is football lagging so far behind in terms of using tech to improve the sport ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: How has Banksy not been caught yet ? His artwork looks like it takes him a lot of time to do , out in the open streets , so how has he not been caught ? Explain like I'm five.
question: How did Hulu defeat Adblock ? Commercials ? ! I 'm getting too old for this shit . What did Hulu do to get around adblock and why does n't every site just do it ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: what is quantum internet and why is it so important ? everyone seems to be talking about it ... but ... what IS it ? ? also is it good or bad ? thank you :) Explain like I'm five.
question: Why is abortion a religious issue ? The Bible does n't take a position on abortion or declare whether or not a fetus is a human being . Why then is this a religious issue ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why emergency room visits are so expensive ? Bonus points if you can tell me why everyone casually does their job with no real hustle . I feel like they take their time and just gossip while you wait in the room . Explain like I'm five.
question: Can someone explain like I 'm five why we do n't yet have a vaccine for HIV ? I mean , we have vaccines for the flu every year , and for plenty of other STDs . Why not HIV ? Explain like I'm five.
question: What is Burning Man and what happens there ? Title says it all . I saw that hula hoop video a few days ago and my interest has been piqued . Looking to know what I 'm getting into before I start doing any serious planning . Explain like I'm five.
question: Do performers pay taxes on comped meals and hotels?
question: Pros and cons of using a personal assistant service to manage your personal finances?
question: In WWII , How did the Germans know who was Jewish or not ? Could n't they have just covered it up ? I love WWII stuff , but this is never really explained other than people not having the proper ID or they looked stereotypically Jewish . Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why do some people in mental institutions refuse to take their medication ? You sometimes hear that the staff at institutions need to restrain and force the person to take their medicine . Please explain like I'm five.
question: Where can I find a Third Party Administrator for a self-directed solo 401K?
question: How come i can memorize all 718 pokemon but ca n't memorize the periodic table just as easily ? There are other examples but this is the one I have so .. Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why do broadcast TV stations limit streaming ? I thought they wanted more viewers . I thought they wanted more ad revenue based on more viewers ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: What is attorney - client privilege ? I googled it and I could n't really get a grasp on it . I need to know as soon as possible because it 's for my debate case . Thanks ! Explain like I'm five.
question: In 2004 , a US Marine working for a European embassy kills a man while drunk driving . He flees , is tried in a US Court and receives nothing but a letter of reprimand . Why did n't he get a harsher sentence ? Story : URL_0 Explain like I'm five.
question: Please explain what is "Gene Ontology"
question: Fluid and electrolyte balance / imbalance in the human body . I 'm in nursing school and have to learn this . Throughout all my reading I still can not understand it . Can someone dull it down for me ? Explain like I'm five. 
question: Please explain what is "Lisp Machine"
question: Store brand and Name brand medicine Mucinex is double the price of the local drug store 's brsnd of severe cold and flu cough syrup , however they have the same increments of the same ingredients . Explain like I'm five. 
question: How to record business income tax paid, in QuickBooks?
question: Why ca n’t a company fully charge a device before they send it through the mail ? Is it bad for the battery or does it just die in transit , even if it ’s not being used ? Or something else ? Thank you ! Explain like I'm five. 
question: With the advance of technology , why does n't some group of people print money ? Sure it 's difficult , but definitely can be done right ? Spent it in different places as well Explain like I'm five.
question: What Does Data Actually Cost the Mobile Operators ? Not what they charge the customers obviously but what does the data cost the operators . I assume the figure will cost what they paid for the bandwidth from the authorities and the costs of network hardware / improvement etc Please explain like I'm five.
question: What is high trading volume in a stock indicative of? Is high liquidity a good thing or a bad thing?
question: How can severe hair loss after hair smoothening treatment be managed?Severe hair fall.. Hi I m 30yr/f.i had hair smoothening in my hairs 4-5 months back.i m having severe hairfall since then.i m having keraglo Eva tablet once daily n foliglo shampoo twice a week since 1 month.i m not getting any change.plz suggest me some treatment.plz
question: Question about data from FTSE 100
question: The debates on whether or not freewill actually exists I 've heard many people debating that freewill does n't exist . What does freewill represent in this context ? Why are people saying it does n't exist ? And what does this have to do with science ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Why does the US continue to poor money into the military when war has changed ? All this money and a few WoMD will wipe everything out . Explain like I'm five. 
question: How can there be HD version of movies from when HD was n't even a " thing " ? Like movies from the 70s - 80s Please explain like I'm five.
question: How is it that the United Kingdom is known for having bad teeth as well as free healthcare ? Seems contradictory ... Explain like I'm five.
question: How could the US break into Kim DotCom 's compound and arrest him outside their jurisdiction ? How can the US enforce American Law internationally like that ? The political , legal and shady politics explanations are all perfectly acceptable ! Explain like I'm five.
question: What choices should I consider for investing money that I will need in two years?
question: Why are churches tax exempt ? Is it supposed to be because of separation of church and state ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Why do things need scientific names ? Like why do we have " homosapien " and " human ? " Why ca n't we just say " human ? " Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why is 0 ! = 1 ! = 1 ? I 'm looking for a simple explanation for why 0 ! and 1 ! are both equal to one . I figured as ELI5 would be interesting . Explain like I'm five.
question: If you took all the fish , shellfish , sea mammals , etc . out of the oceans , how far would the water level drop ? Thanks everyone ! Please explain like I'm five.
question: Is there a measure that uses both cost of living plus income?
question: How do people die from a broken heart ? What is the condition exactly , or is it solely emotional ? Explain like I'm five. 
question: How has no country been aware of the US hacking their systems ? I really just do n't get this . How can these massive technological companies and international powers not have had any inclination that their telephones and computers were being hacked ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Where does the concept of infinity come from since there is nothing on earth that is infinite ? We know infinity has to exist to allow maths / physics to work . Humans think in relative terms , yet there is nothing in this world that is infinite Please explain like I'm five.
question: Is it even possible to change a U.S Supreme Court ruling ? I am thinking of where the U.S Supreme Court ruled that a company is a person , what would it take to change that definition so they are not . Explain like I'm five.
question: Implications of a Canadian company IPO having a dual TSX/NYSE stock listing?
question: Why do I need to call my doctor if my erection lasts longer than 4 hours ? Why ca n't I call another girl ? Why not 5 hours or 6 or 3 ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Q. Kindly advise treatment for ichthyosis hystrix.Hello doctor,Please, I need help. My daughter is 10 years old. And she has ichthyosis hystrix in her body's left section, many doctors said that creams are the only treatment for whole life. Please help.
question: How does a computer choose a random number ? If you think about it , is it really random ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: The situation in Tibet Why are China in there ? Why ca nt they be ' free ' ? What s happening to rectify the situation etc Explain like I'm five.
question: why is n't there a secondary market ( i.e. Stubhub ) for airline tickets ? Found myself wondering this as I was getting railed by the airlines for making last minute plans . I 'm sure there is heavy government regulation or something but I want to know why Please explain like I'm five.
question: Nuclear Bombs vs Hydrogen Bombs Today in class my teacher was explaining how missiles have hydrogen ( about the size of a balloon ) mounted to the top . How does uranium / plutonium come into play ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: How do fiber optics work ? Why can light enter but not exit ? Are there any practical applications of this technology ? [ gif that made me wonder ] ( URL_0 ) Please explain like I'm five.
question: What makes the earth rotate on its own axis ? Hey , i 've read something about gravity and space - time , did n't understand . Explain like I'm five. 
question: If space is constantly expanding , what is it expanding into ? Surely there must be something there for it to expand into ? Confused . Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why Facebook may finally have to compromise its user experience in order to keep growing Was hoping someone could help explain this article from recode for me . Really interesting stuff just a bit over my head . URL_0 Explain like I'm five.
question: Why do dogs start kicking their legs or ca n't stand up when you scratch that one spot ? For my dog , she ca n't seem to stand straight when I scratch her hind legs Explain like I'm five.
question: Any extra fees charged by passive stock and bond ETFs on top of the standard fees?
question: Who controls or designs all these Explain bots ? or are they just real people pretending to be robots ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: why ca n't you eat before a minor surgery like getting your wisdom teeth out ? Just thought about it and wondering why this is ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: why do giraffes have horns ? I was just wondering ... Edit : thanks for all the responses you guys even the bad ones :D And no I do n't think that giraffes have ended their evolution process , your reading into it to much . Please explain like I'm five.
question: how many stars on the first american flag
question: Carburetors . How do they work ? What is jetting ? What / How synch ? Idle synch ? Explain like I'm five.
question: The Tree Of Life I ca n't fathom why it was nominated for best picture . I need to know what I do n't get . Explain like I'm five.
question: How do companies like Car Fax get its data on used cars ? Do Dealers , mechanic shops , etc . just hand over the data ? Does CF pay for said data ? Explain like I'm five.
question: the God Particle or Higgs Boson and why it might cause doomsday ? I do n't even try to say what I need to kno because I ca n't wrap my head around it . I need it broken down like I 'm 5 . Please explain like I'm five.
question: Albert Einsteins take on Gravity I watched several videos to it but I ca n't seem to understand it and it does n't seem to be asked on here either so how does the general relativity theory explain gravity ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Can a chocolate cyst dissolve or reduce in size?hi, i am 31 years old, planning from last 9 months, my follicle did not rupture it was 25mm and there was internal bleeding in the follicle. i had a cyst in the earlier TVS of 1.5 cm which is not visible now. but the follicle which did not rupture is now 5.5 cm and i have slight pain. can chocolate cyst dissolve or reduce in size.
question: the difference in taste between people I 'm wondering if people taste the foods I do n't like the same that I do and just like the tastes more , or if our taste buds process the flavor of foods differently . Explain like I'm five. 
question: How much does taking a Microeconomics course help you understand the field of investing?
question: Suggest treatment for Lyme diseaseMy husband has Lyme disease diginosed by a blood test. He ha been prescribed 100 mg capsules to be taken twice a day of Doxycycline for three weeks. Is this enough time, and a high enough dose. He is 79 and taking no prescriptions, and is in good health. I am also giving him tumeric and a probiotic. Any suggestions? YYYY@YYYY
question: Why do babies always try to eat their own fists when they 're happy ? Whenever I see a baby get exited or happy i see them stick their hand in their mouth and i have no clue why . Examples : URL_0 URL_1 Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why is Facebook so insistent that " Top Stories " are better than " Most Recent " ? The Android version even worked hard at hiding the option from users Please explain like I'm five.
question: Please explain what is "Common sense reasoning"
question: Are men who get a sex change and become women able to retire earlier ? In the UK , at least up until recently , women and men retired at different ages . What would happen here ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why do people want Europe to be diverse but no one is demanding multiculturalism in first world Asian countries such as Japan and South Korea ? I 've never understood this . Please explain like I'm five.
question: In America , Why is obscenity not protected under the first amendment ? It was my understanding that supreme court rulings can not overrule constitutional amendments , so ... URL_0 Explain like I'm five.
question: Why do American toilets all drain the water and then refill while British toilets refill while draining ? This may just be something I noticed that is n't true that 's just what I 've seen on my travels Explain like I'm five.
question: How do electromagnetic waves carry information ( AM / FM ) Pretty self explanatory . Should state that I am pretty familiar and comfortable with Fourier Series and Transformation . Not typical of a five year old , I guess . Explain like I'm five.
question: Are modern humans pure homo - sapiens ? Or are we a mix of Homo - sapiens , Denisovans , and other pre modern humans ? And can you explain the differences of them and when they went their separate ways to the different continent ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why does the sound of the explosion take almost 15 seconds delay to reach the guys on boat when it does n't look that far away ? ( see comment for video link [ Volcano Eruption in Papua New Guinea ] ( URL_0 ) Please explain like I'm five.
question: Gaming engines I 've heard this term used a lot but never actually fully understood what it means . Is it something to do with the overall environment in which the game runs ? Explain like I'm five.
question: What 's the difference between the words ' Muslim ' and ' Islamic ' ? I googled the words and am still confused . Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why is n't waste just melted down and poured inside a volcano . Would n't the lava just nom nom it all ? Explain like I'm five.
question: What causes brain freeze despite a normal blood report?I HAD BEEN CLEANING ALOT AND THEN I HAD LIKE A BRAIN FREEZE. LIKE WHEN YOU DRINK SOMETHING COLD AND YOU GRT THAT PAIN IN YOUR HEAD. I HAVE HAD MEDICATIONS CHANGED RECENTLY. COULD THAT BE IT. I HAD BLOODWORK DONE RECENTLY AND EVERYTHING WAS EXCELLENT. THAT WAS 2 WEEEKS AGO. I HAVE SEIZURE CONDITION AND ON MEDICATION FOR 14 YEARS. LAST SEIZURE WAS 2004 EEG NORMAL AND MRI NORMAL BUT I HAVE FAMILY HISTORY OF EPILESPY. SO WHAT COULD THIS BE
question: Washington DC How come DC does n't just join a state ? What prevents it from being forced into being part of a state ? Explain like I'm five.
question: What is today's price of 15 000 Euro given 15 years ago?
question: Investment options for f1 visa students in USA
question: Please explain what is "Restricted Boltzmann machine"
question: Which pain medications ( Tylenol , Motrin , aspirin , excedrin , advil ) are the best for what kinds of aliments ? I know excedrin is good for migranes , or that ibuprofen lowers temperature sometimes .. but what ailments are individual pain medications made for ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Offsetting the tax on vested RSUs with short term capital loss
question: what is the rule of the 9s
question: How exactly does a parrot " speak " ? It 's amazing ... Explain like I'm five.
question: Q. Why am I having a painful swelling in my upper eyelid?Hello doctor,There is swelling in my left eye upper lid. There is a pain and small pimple from inside at the corner for last two days. Currently, I am using Nevanac and Pataday eye drops.
question: Why do I feel like I did well on an exam but end up doing shit ? And how can I prevent it Explain like I'm five.
question: Why do I look slightly different in pictures compared to when I look the mirror ? Always bugged me . Explain like I'm five.
question: Why does this hockey puck " explode " when put in an industrial press As the title States , why did the puck quite violently explode ? URL_0 Please explain like I'm five.
question: Why is there a MLK Blvd in every city of the United States ? I see it in every city I visit and have never understood that . I understand he was a very influential man but we 've had many influential people throughout history as well . Explain like I'm five.
question: Can you explain why it's better to invest now rather than waiting for the market to dip?
question: static data for mutual funds/hedge funds
question: Money Laundering I understand this is the process of " cleaning " money that has been made criminally . But how does a dry cleaners or small business come into it I can not understand how you can make money any different or what happens during the process ? Explain like I'm five.
question: Why places price stuff " 15.99 " instead of just " 16 " I 've always wondered , but I just spoke to a friend who mentioned this and I could n't find a better reason than " because it * looks * cheaper " . Explain like I'm five.
question: How does hacking work ? And by hacking , I mean Anonymous hacking . I mean stealing encrypted data . I mean changing the Snapple website . That kind of stuff . Explain like I'm five.
question: Why do some hotels not have a 13 th floor ? I work in a 20 story hotel in Kansas City and just noticed it goes from the 12th floor to the 14th floor . Why is that ? Please explain like I'm five.
question: Tax liability for stocks vested for a H1B visa holder
question: What happens in the brain of a schizophrenic ? How is it different to a " normal " brain ? Explain like I'm five.
question: why someone who is making extra efforts to socialize with someone is deemed " lame , or a loner ? " I have seen it so much . " She / he keeps texting me , how lame . " Explain like I'm five.
question: Can I get a dumbed down explanation of risk measures used for evaluating stocks?
